SetLayerMedia(background Apartment_ALT)          

PhoneEnabled(false) 

Narrator "My phone buzzed with another a message from Alex." 

Alex "You better be online, [Player Name]. I just set up the cutest park area, and I need someone to appreciate my masterpiece." 

Narrator "Smiling, I turned on my laptop and sent a quick reply." 

Narrator "All right, I'm logging in. Don't start without me!" 

Narrator "Moments later, the familiar whimsical music of Critter Trails filled the air." 

Narrator "I navigated my avatar to my mailbox, collecting a few gifts Alex had sent earlier - custom wallpapers and way too many peaches." 

Narrator "Alex's island, Critter Cove, appeared on my screen as I accepted her invite." 

Narrator "The game transitioned into the loading screen, complete with little animated critters hopping across the screen." 
Narrator "A few seconds later, I arrived, greeted by Alex's avatar, waving frantically by the airport." 

Narrator "Alex video called me and I answered." 

Alex "About time!" 

Narrator "I got my avatar to shrug playfully in response." 

Alex "What took you so long? Did you stop to take a nap or something?" 
Narrator "She teased, her voice playful and filled with mock irritation." 
Narrator "Sorry, I was busy." 
Narrator "She guided me through her meticulously designed island." 
Narrator "We passed through a flower-lined path leading to an outdoor café with wooden chairs." 
Narrator "Nearby, a park area was set up with cherry blossom trees, complete with benches and swings." 
Narrator "I have to admit, this is the cutest thing I have ever seen." 

Narrator "Awesome!" 
Narrator "But where's the fishing spot you promised me?" 
Narrator "I asked, grinning." 
Alex "Follow me." 
Narrator "Alex's avatar span in a circle before running toward the beach." 
Narrator "We spent the next hour fishing, catching everything from tiny guppies to a rare rainbow trout that Alex claimed was hers but somehow ended up in my net." 
Alex "You totally stole that from me! It was mine!" 
Narrator "She exclaimed, laughing through her pretend outrage." 
Alex "How?"  

choice "..."  
{
	-It's Skill  
		Narrator "It's called skill, Alex."
		Narrator "Maybe you have heard of it?" 
		Narrator "I teased, watching her avatar bounce around in mock frustration." 
		Alex "Oh, skill, huh? Last I checked, skill doesn't involve RNG."
		Narrator "Her tone was laced with mock indignation, but I could hear her laughing." 
		Narrator "It's not my fault the all mighty trout chose me." 
		Alex "Next time, I'm keeping all the bait to myself." 
		Narrator "She said playfully, and we both burst out laughing." 

	-It's Just Luck 
		Narrator "It's just luck, Alex." 
		Narrator "You know, the kind that only happens to the truly blessed." 
		Narrator "I said with a dramatic flourish, my avatar performing a bow emote." 
		Alex "Blessed, huh?" 
		Narrator "Her avatar stomped the ground, and I could hear her laughing through the headset." 
		Alex "At least luck doesn't mean skill." 
		Narrator "Hey, sometimes it's better to be lucky than good." 
		Narrator "Besides, you had your share of lucky catches too!" 
		Narrator "We went back to fishing, the competition between us heating up even more as we joked about luck versus skill." 
} 

Narrator "We moved on to a bug-catching competition, darting through her forested area, swinging nets and laughing hysterically whenever we missed a butterfly or accidentally bonked each other on the head." 

Alex "All right, I have one more thing to show you." 
Alex "You're going to love it." 

Narrator "She led me to a secluded corner of the island, where a makeshift stage was set up." 
Narrator "A crowd of her villagers sat in front of it, clapping in unison." 
Narrator "Alex's avatar jumped on stage and did a goofy dance routine using the in-game emotes." 
Narrator "The villagers cheered wildly, and I couldn't help but laugh." 

Narrator "Well, well, I guess you win the award for most entertaining island." 

Narrator "We sat in the island's cafe afterward, our avatars eating imaginary sandwiches while we chatted about everything and nothing." 
Narrator "The in-game sky turned from bright blue to a deep, starry purple, and I could hear Alex's laughter in my headset as we exchanged jokes and stories." 

Alex "Thanks for hanging out." 
Alex "It's always more fun with you here." 

Narrator "I smiled." 
Narrator "Anytime." 

Narrator "My island next time?" 

Alex "All right!" 
Alex "But you better have a decent fishing spot." 
Narrator "She laughed." 

Narrator "More time passed, filled with more laughter, critter-catching antics, and the kind of easy friendship that made even the simplest games unforgettable." 
DisableSkip()   
Narrator "We eventually saved our progress and watched our screens faded to black and we said our goodbyes." 

HideGalleryImage()
HideDB(-spd 1) 
UIHide()
wait(0.75)
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)
StopSong(), StopAmbience() 
AdvanceDay() 
Wait(1)  
Load(ApartmentStart -enqueue true)    