SetLayerMedia(background Bar) 

Narrator "The faint hum of conversations and clinking glasses creating a nice ambiance." 
Narrator "The scent of wood polish mixed with the sharp tang of alcohol. I ran my fingers along the grooves of the worn counter as I waited for my drink, watching the bartender move quickly and with ease." 
Narrator "I ordered a drink, gazing around at the faces of strangers lost in their own stories." 
Narrator "The bartender placed the drink down with a nod and walks away to serve other patreons." 
Narrator "As the day drifted on, a young woman stepped inside and took the seat next to mine." 
Narrator "She ordered a drink without much thought, her eyes distant, as if her mind was elsewhere." 
Narrator "Peaking at her, I noticed her hair was slightly messy and her clothing was well-worn with paint stains." 
Narrator "She raised her hand gently to get the bartender's attention and he approached her." 
Nina as Young Woman "Whiskey." 
Narrator "She whispered calmly." 
Narrator "I watched her out of the corner of my eye, noticing that her eyes were distant, as if her mind was elsewhere." 
Narrator "I looked at her." 

choice "..."   
{ 
	-Rough Day? 
		Narrator "Rough day?" 
		Narrator "She glanced over, her tired eyes meeting mines for a moment before chuckling." 
		Nina as Young Woman "More like a rough month." 
		Narrator "Her voice carrying a trace of humor but mostly fatigue." 
		Narrator "She rubbed her right hand on her glass, each finger noticeably stained with various colors." 
		Narrator "She took a sip of her drink, likely savoring the burning sensation." 
		Narrator "I hear that." 
		Narrator "The woman looked at me again, a bit more curious this time." 
		Narrator "She shifted in her seat, turning slightly toward me." 
		Nina as Young Woman "Yeah? What's your story?" 
		Narrator "Just trying get by with my café." 
		PlayVoice(CharacterExclamation -v 1) 
		Nina as Young Woman "Café? Oh, you're that barista." 
		Narrator "Guilty as charged." 
		Narrator "I'm [Player Name]." 
		Narrator "She chuckled." 
		Nina as Young Woman "I'm Nina."
		PlaySFX(ThreePoints -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipE(-fr 3) 
		Narrator "She offered a hand, and when I shook it, I could feel the roughness of her fingers."  

	-You OK? 
		Narrator "You OK?" 
		Narrator "I asked while tilting my glass in her direction." 
		Narrator "She glanced over, her tired eyes meeting mines for a moment." 
		Nina as Young Woman "I... have been better."  
		Nina as Young Woman "Actually, I don't remember the last time I was better." 
		Narrator "She rubbed her right hand on her glass, each finger noticeably stained with various colors." 
		Narrator "She took a sip of her drink, likely savoring the burning sensation." 
		Narrator "I'm sorry to hear that." 
		Narrator "The woman looked at me again, a bit curious." 
		Narrator "She shifted in her seat, turning slightly toward me." 
		Nina as Young Woman "Why do you ask?" 
		Narrator "You seem down." 
		Nina as Young Woman "I guess it's that noticable, huh?" 
		Narrator "She scans me up and down." 
		Nina as Young Woman "Haven't seen you before. You new here?" 
		Narrator "Yeah. I just opened a café here." 
		Nina as Young Woman "You must be that barista."  
		Narrator "Guilty as charged." 
		Narrator "I'm [Player Name]." 
		Narrator "She hesitated for a moment before sighing, as if debating with herself." 
		Nina as Young Woman "Nina." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipE(-fr 1)  
		Narrator "She offered a hand, and when I shook it, I could feel the roughness of her fingers." 
		


	-You Like Whiskey? 
		Narrator "You like whiskey?" 
		Narrator "I asked while temporarily pointing at her glass." 
		Narrator "She glanced over, her tired eyes meeting mines for a moment." 
		Nina as Young Woman "Wouldn't say I like it."  
		Narrator "It just helps the most." 
		Narrator "She rubbed her right hand on her glass, each finger noticeably stained with various colors."  
		Narrator "She took a sip of her drink, likely savoring the burning sensation." 
		Narrator "I see." 
		Narrator "The woman looked at me again, a bit curious." 
		Narrator "She shifted in her seat, turning slightly toward me." 
		Nina as Young Woman "What's your prefered drink?" 
		Narrator "Don't have one."  
		Narrator "She looked at me." 
		Nina as Young Woman "Haven't seen you before. You new around here?" 
		Narrator "Yeah. I just opened a café here." 
		Nina as Young Woman "Are you that barista?"  
		Narrator "I am." 
		Narrator "I'm [Player Name]." 
		Nina as Young Woman "Nina." 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoints -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipE(-fr 2)    
		Narrator "She went back to sipping her drink."  
} 

Narrator "How long have you lived here?" 
Nina "Most of my life." 
Narrator "What do you do?" 
Nina "I paint... or at least, I'm trying to." 
Narrator "I leaned in slightly, intrigued." 
Narrator "You're an artist?" 
Narrator "Nina let out a dry laugh, but there was no joy in it." 
Nina "Yeah. Got my hopes set on art school, but... it's complicated." 
Narrator "Art school, huh?" 
Narrator "I raised an eyebrow." 
Narrator "Sounds exciting. What's stopping you?" 
Narrator "Nina swirled the whiskey in her glass, staring down into it as if the answer might be floating somewhere in the amber liquid." 
Nina "Money, for one. It ain't cheap, and I'm barely scraping by as it is." 
Narrator "Have you asked your parents for hel-?" 
Nina "Out of the question." 
Narrator "She quickly interupted, almost like she snapped, but it wasn't angry."  
Nina "But it's not just money." 
Narrator "She paused, her voice growing quieter." 
Nina "Some days, I don't even know if I'm good enough. If all of this is worth it." 
Narrator "Nina's words caught me off guard. I hadn't expected her to open up so quickly." 
Narrator "There was a rawness to her voice, suggesting that she had been holding these feelings in for a long time." 
Narrator "What do you mean?" 
Narrator "What makes you think you're not good enough?" 
Narrator "Nina let out a shaky breath." 
Nina "Because... You know how many people want to be artists?" 
Nina "It's not easy to get into." 
Nina "And I was often told by others, even teachers, that my work is promising but very inconsistent." 
Nina "And the rejection letters from colleges... They pile up." 
Nina "And trying to get scholarships, don't get me started on that."   
Nina "Each one feels like confirmation that maybe... I don't have what it takes." 
Narrator "I watched her closely while taking a sip of my drink, considering my response."  

choice "..."   
{ 
	-That's Tough 
		Narrator "That's tough." 
		Narrator "I know what it's like to have people that don't believe in you." 
		Narrator "My parents didn't have faith in me becoming a barista and having a successful business."  
		Narrator "They probably still don't." 
		Narrator "Nina glanced at me, surprised." 
		PlaySFX(ThreePoints -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipE(-fr 3) 
		Nina "Really? I guess it's not just artists then..." 
		Narrator "I nodded." 
		Narrator "Everyone has their battles, dreams that other people can't understand." 
		Narrator "Nina sighed, her eyes softening a little." 
		Nina "Yeah, but sometimes I wonder if they're right. Maybe I'm just wasting my time..."
		Narrator "Maybe, but you will never know if you don't try." 
		Narrator "And trust me, proving people wrong can be... Motivating and a little satisfiying."  
		Narrator "She chuckled, a weak smile breaking through." 
		Nina "I guess that's why I still continue. Guess that's something we have in common then." 

	-Don't Give Up 
		Narrator "Doesn't mean you should give up." 
		Narrator "Have you thought that maybe those rejections aren't the end? I mean, it doesn't mean you're not talented."
		Narrator "Sometimes it's just... timing, or maybe they can't see what you see." 
		Narrator "I know it feels impossible now and you're pushing through a lot right now, but there are people pushing through worse." 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoints -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipE(-fr 2)  
		Narrator "Nina smiled faintly but didn't seem fully convinced." 
		Nina "But what if I keep failing? What if I'm just not good enough?" 
		Narrator "Failure's part of the process. You said your work is inconsistent, right? That means there's something there worth working on." 
		Narrator "Inconsistency isn't a lack of talent, it's just part of the learning curve."
		Narrator "Nina looked down at her drink, biting her lip, as if she were turning my words over in her mind." 
		Narrator "You have already got the most important thing: Passion."  
		Narrator "If you didn't care, you wouldn't be doubting yourself this much." 
		Narrator "Nina sighed, her expression softening just a little." 
		Narrator "One step at a time, Nina. Just don't give up yet." 
		Narrator "She looked up at me, her eyes searching mine, and for a moment, the heaviness seemed to lift." 
	
}

Narrator "What do you paint, by the way?" 
Narrator "Nina's eyes lit up just a bit and she started speaking excitingly."   
Nina "I paint what I feel. Things I can't put into words. It's... A lot of emotion." 
Narrator "Anger, sadness, joy, fear... When I can find it. Whatever I feel. My pieces are messy, but meaningful. Well, they're supposed to be."    
Nina "But that's how life feels to me. You know?" 
Narrator "Sounds awesome. That kind of honesty takes guts." 
Nina "Yeah, but lately, it feels like all I have got is the sadness and fear." 
Nina "Everything else is... Harder to reach."  
Nina "And art school? It's a dream, but it feels so far away. I'm already drowning in debt, and who's going to want to help some broke artist?" 
Narrator "There was a brief silence between us, broken only by the sound of glasses clinking and the soft murmur of other patrons."  
Narrator "The bartender refilled Nina's glass without her asking." 
Bartender "That one's on the house, Nina." 
Narrator "She nodded her thanks without really looking up." 
Narrator "The bartender then left and that's when I broke the silence."  
Narrator "Why do you keep going then?" 
Nina "Because... What else is there? I can't not paint. Even on my worst days, when I hate everything I make... I still can't stop." 
Nina "It's like... A curse. Or maybe a lifeline. I don't know." 
Narrator "I leaned back in my stool." 
Narrator "That sounds like passion, not a curse." 
Nina "Maybe." 
Narrator "Nina shrugged, but there was a trace of a smile on her lips." 
Nina "Or maybe I'm just too stubborn to give up." 
Narrator "Stubbornness can be a good thing." 
Narrator "Nina chuckled, this time a little lighter." 
Nina "You sound like you have been through it too." 
Narrator "I think everyone has their struggles. Yours just happen to come with paint." 
Narrator "Nina finished her drink, setting the glass down with a soft clink. She turned to face me fully, her gaze more direct now." 
Nina "Thanks for listening. Most people don't care to hear about the messy parts."  
Narrator "Everyone's got messy parts. That's what makes us human." 
Narrator "Nina smiled. This time, her smile actually reached her eyes." 

HideGalleryImage()
HideDB(-spd 1) 
wait(0.75)
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)
StopSong(), StopAmbience() 
Wait(1)  
Load(NinaHangOutOne -enqueue true) 