SetLayerMedia(background Bar)

Narrator "...An Espresso Martini."  
Bartender "Good choice." 
Bartender "One Espresso Martini coming up."  
Mei "I'll take a glass of red wine."  
Bartender "You got it."  

Narrator "As the bartender moved to prepare our drinks, I leaned casually against the counter, catching Mei's eye with a grin."  
Narrator "Going with the usual, huh?"  
Mei "She rested her elbow on the counter, giving me a dry look."  
Mei "Hey, it's the safest choice."  
Mei "For me, that is." 
Mei "I don't want to make the same mistakes twice." 
Narrator "Tequila-related mistakes?"  
Mei "She pointed at me."  
Mei "One bad night with tequila and you start making choices your sober self wouldn't even text back."  
Narrator "That's... Oddly specific."  
Mei "She shook her head, smirking."  
Mei "Like I said - wine is safer for me and for everyone around me." 
Narrator "All right then." 

Narrator "The bartender slid our drinks over with practiced ease."  
Narrator "I picked up the Espresso Martini, admiring the glossy crema on top before taking a sip."  
Narrator "Smooth, rich, just the right balance of coffee and kick - it was the kind of drink that made you feel sharper with every taste."  
Narrator "Mei swirled her wine and took a sip with a satisfied sigh."  
Mei "Now this is a drink."  
Narrator "I chuckled and raised my glass slightly."  
Narrator "You know, I didn't peg you for a Red Wine enthusiast."  
Mei "She smiled, her tone light."  
Mei "I like the flavor." 
Mei "And I like someone who doesn't make me feel judged when I order it."  
Narrator "She smiled." 
Narrator "I took another sip, the Espresso Martini settling warm and velvety."  
Narrator "Honestly? I get the appeal. I just want something warm today."  
Narrator "Mei's expression softened, just for a second."  
Mei "Glad someone finally does."  

Narrator "The bar buzzed softly with conversation and country music, a mellow backdrop to our back-and-forth."  
Narrator "We talked - about little things, strange memories, even things we didn't always share with others."  
Narrator "Time blurred as our drinks slowly emptied, our laughter blending into the rhythm of the evening."  
Narrator "Eventually, as the energy in the room began to fade, we exchanged a glance over our near-empty glasses."  
Narrator "With quiet smiles, we knew it was time to call it a night." 

HideGalleryImage()  
HideDB(-spd 1)  
wait(0.75)  
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)  
StopSong(), StopAmbience()  
wait(1)  
LoadScene(Bar -enqueue true)
