$player.charm = 0 
$player.kindness = 0 
$player.patience = 0 
$player.courage = 0 
$player.confidence = 0 
$player.intelligence = 0 
$player.strength = 0 
$player.humor = 0 
$player.diligence = 0 
$Mei.friendship = 0 

Narrator "I drove through the bustling streets until I arrived to town square." 
Narrator "When I arrived, unsurprisingly, the parking lots were overcrowded with cars." 
Narrator "I had to circle the area multiple times, weaving through the busy streets, before finally finding a place to park." 
Narrator "I swear, finding parking during major events is always a pain." 
Narrator "The parking space was about a mile from the event, but at least I was able to find parking nearby." 
Narrator "It was a distance I was willing to accept just to see Mei perform." 
Narrator "After I parked the car, I sprinted toward the town square, hoping that I wouldn't miss the performance." 
Narrator "I weaved through the crowds of people, making my way toward the stage amidst the lively atmosphere of the event, passing the red and black-tiled concrete pathways and the enormous water fountain in the center of the square." 
Narrator "I began to walk when I was close the stage, huffing and puffing for the rest of the way there." 
Narrator "I weaved my way close to the front to get a better view of the performance." 
Narrator "The stage manager walked pass the curtain onto the stage." 
Stage Manager "Baywood has some talented bands. I'm really enjoying these performances. You guys excited for the next one?" 
Narrator "The crowd, including me, erupted in cheers as the stage manager flipped through flash cards." 
Stage Manager "For the next performance, we have Midnight Ghosts!" 
Narrator "As the crowd cheered, the stage manager was beckoned to the curtain, leaning in as if straining to hear someone." 
Stage Manager "Ladies and gentlemen, I just got news that the performers aren't quite ready to take the stage yet." 
Stage Manager "I'll call on the next group, and they should be prepared by then." 
Narrator "My phone vibrated. It was a message from Mei." 
Mei "<input>, could you please come backstage?" 
<input> "Sure." 
<input> "I hope everything's OK." 
Narrator "I walked to the stairs beside the stage." 
Security Guard "Hey, you can't come backstage." 
<input> "I'm friends with one of the lead singers that's playing tonight. Her name is Mei. She asked to speak with me. I'm <input>." 
Narrator "Behind the guard, I saw Mei, sitting on a couch, her bandmates surrounding her, talking to her. I waved and called to her." 
<input> "Mei!" 
Narrator "Mei noticed me and gestured to the guard to let me in." 
Narrator "As I drew closer, I noticed that Mei was visibility nervous." 
Mei "What if I choke again, guys? What if the audience hates our music?" 
Narrator "Her voice quivered with anxiety as she quickly twiddled her thumbs and tabbed her left leg in a restless rhythm." 
<input> "Mei, is everything OK?" 
Mei "<input>." 
Narrator "Mei's face lit up with relief as she sprang from the couch and hugged me, nearly knocking me off balance." 
<input> "Are you nervous?" 
Mei "Yeah." 
Mei "I choked last time, it was extremely embarrassing, and..." 
<input> "Listen, it's totally natural to feel nervous before a performance, everyone gets nervous before going on stage." 
<input> "Don't let your nerves overpower your love for music." 
<input> "Have you been practicing?" 
Mei "Yeah." 
<input> "Then you have nothing to worry about." 
<input> "Remember why you love music, remember your motivation, why you started playing in the first place." 
<input> "Take a few deep breaths and channel your energy into your music instead of your nerves. You got this, Mei." 
<input> "You're going to kick ass out there. Your music is great." 
Narrator "Mei smiled." 
Mei "You're right." 
Mei "You're the best." 
<input> "Anything for my best friend." 
Mei "Yeah... Definitely." 
Mei "Come on, guys. Let's do this." 
Narrator "Mei and her bandmates continued to prepare for their highly anticipated gig, each member tuning their instruments and doing mic checks." 
Narrator "I looked at Mei, noticing how cool she looked in her gothic attire, her eyes lined with smoky makeup, and her hair styled in elegant waves." 
<input> "You look amazing." 
Mei "Thanks... My mom helped me with the makeup." 
Narrator "Mei started to check each individual guitar string." 
Jacob "Mei, you ready now?" 
Mei "Yeah... Ready when you guys are." 
Mei "And I made a new guitar solo the other night." 
Jacob "Hell yeah! That's why we call you Mei Whoo!" 
Narrator "Right before the performance began, I walked off the back of the stage, then hurried to the front to get a better view of the performance." 
Narrator "The stage lights dimmed gradually, casting the stage into a deepening darkness until it became pitch black, leaving only the flickering flames of wax candles visible." 
Narrator "Soon, wisps of smoke drifted and swirled around the stage, gently enveloping the stage in a mysterious haze." 
Narrator "An eerie melody began to drift through the air, accompanied by the tender tones of a soft voice." 
Mei as Familiar Voice "\"Darkness fills my heart. I feel torn apart.\""
Narrator "The stage lights instantly turned back on, illuminating Mei and her band in a burst of brightness." 
Narrator "What had initially been a faint voice transformed into powerful screams, layered with distortion and reverberation that filled the air with electrifying energy."  
Narrator "The haunting melodies and poignant lyrics permeated the air, captivating the audience's attention and amplifying the enthusiastic cheers." 
Narrator "Mei's commanding vocals sliced through the music, carrying a spectrum of emotions from heartache and resentment to resilience."  
Narrator "Everyone seemed captivated by Mei's vulnerability in the lyrics and the passion in her performance held everyone spellbound, drawing them deeper into the emotional journey of the music." 
Narrator "Throughout the concert, I found myself swaying to every beat, completely immersed in the music." 
Narrator "After getting to know Mei better, I started to better-understand her songs, picking up on the details that reflected her life - love, loss, abuse, healing, and self-discovery." 
Narrator "At the ending of each song, the audience cheered." 
<input> "Mei?" 
Narrator "I whispered to myself."  
Mei "\"I made this next song for someone who I thought was the one.\"" 
Mei "\"In shadows deep, where darkness reigns, A heart once shattered, bearing unseen stains. Echoes of pain, whispers of despair, Lost in a nightmare, beyond repair.\""       
Mei "\"Heartache, resentment, a soul in chains, In a world of shadows, where nothing remains. But in your friendship, I find solace and light, You heal my wounds, you make things right.\"" 
Mei "\"Your presence, a beacon, in the darkest of nights, Guiding me through pain, guiding me to the light. Yet amidst friendship, emotions arise, Confused signals, hidden behind eyes.\"" 
Mei "\"Mixed messages, a heart unsure, In friendship's embrace, feelings obscure. Navigating emotions, a delicate dance, Hoping for clarity, a second chance.\""
Narrator "The song followed up an electrifying guitar solo, Mei closed her eyes, allowing the music to wash over her completely." 
Narrator "The rhythm started off gently, gradually building in intensity. It was almost like the music itself was a conduit for expressing Mei's emotions." 
Narrator "As the concert reached its peak, I joined the enthusiastic crowd in cheering and applauding Mei's incredible performance. Mei's talent was undeniable." 
Narrator "After the concert, as Mei and her band greeted fans, I approached her. We exchanged a high five." 
<input> "You were great." 
Mei "Thanks." 
<input> "Listen, Mei, I -" 
Mei "Don't worry about it." 
Narrator "She sighed." 
Mei "Thanks for coming to the show. We'll talk later. I'm going to be busy tonight." 
Narrator "With that, my bond with Mei is now in a questionable place." 
