SetLayerMedia(background Apartment_ALT)      

Narrator "I received a message from Mei." 
Mei "[Player Name], my mom's school is having a career day." 
Mei "I'm going to be talking about what I do with her class." 
Mei "Want to come?" 
Narrator "Sure." 
Narrator "I got ready, asked for the address, then drove to the local school." 
Narrator "I walked myself into the office, greeted myself, then I was given directions to Ms. Wu's classroom." 
Narrator "I knocked on the door. An older woman opened door." 
Mei's Mom as Older Woman "Why, hello there. You must be <input>." 
Narrator "I am." 
Mei's Mom as Older Woman "It's great to finally meet you. I'm Lilith. Mei has mentioned you quite a bit." 
Lilith "Come on in." 
Narrator "As I walked into the empty classroom, I noticed colorful artwork adorning the walls." 
Narrator "The vibrant paintings of fantastical creatures and whimsical landscapes contrasted beautifully with the dark tones of the furniture, creating a unique and inviting atmosphere."  
Narrator "Encouraging signs hung around the room, featuring motivational quotes and affirmations, adding a touch of positivity to the classroom." 
Narrator "Where are the kids?" 
Lilith "They're still at recess." 
Mei "[Player Name], you ready?"  

choice "..." 
{
	-Hell Yeah! 
		Narrator "Hell yeah!" 
		Narrator "Are you?" 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoints -v 1) 
		Mei "Hell yeah." 
		Lilith "I understand the excitement, but refrain from using profanity in front of the children." 
		Mei "Sorry, mom." 
		Narrator "Same." 

	-I'm Slightly Nervous 
		Narrator "I'm slightly nervous." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1) 
		Lilith "That's perfectly normal, dear." 
		Mei "Don't worry, you'll do good." 
}  

Narrator "As the bell chimed, we knew it was time." 
Narrator "Mei's mother left to pick them up." 
Narrator "As the kids filed the room, we greeted them." 
Narrator "Lilith greeted them with a fist pump by the door." 
Narrator "I greeted them with a warm smile. Mei greeted them with a wave, her black-painted nails contrasting with the colorful artwork surrounding the walls." 
Lilith "I hope you all had a great recess, now let us resume our activities." 
Lilith "As you guys are aware, today is career day." 
Narrator "She gestured to us." 
Lilith "This is my daughter, Mei." 
Lilith "And this is my daughter's friend, <input>." 
Narrator "A kid's hand shot up." 
Lilith "Yes, Harold?" 
Harlod "Are they dating?" 
Kids "Ooo." 
Narrator "Mei blushed. She shifted slightly, clearly caught off guard by the unexpected question." 
Lilith "Now, now, settle down kids. They're just friends." 
Lilith "And they're here to tell you about their jobs." 
Narrator "Mei went first." 
Mei "I am Mei Wu, the daughter of Ms. Wu. I am a librarian and an aspiring song artist." 
Mei "I work at Whispering Pages. Growing up, I have always had an interest in literature, including poems." 
Mei "My love for stories and rhymes slowly nurtured my love for music." 
Mei "I have a band called Midnight Ghosts. We practice weekly in the garage. I have created a couple of songs with my band." 
Mei "You guys want to hear a song?" 
Kids "Yeah!" 
Narrator "Mei grabs her guitar from across the room then returns to the front of the class." 
Narrator "She takes a seat." 
Mei "\"In shadows deep where dreams entwine, Lost in whispers of a moonlit shrine, Hearts beating fierce, a darkened sign, Embracing love, this heart of mine.\""  
Mei "\"Love in obsidian, so pure and true, In moonlit nights, I dance with you, Acceptance in darkness, a refuge anew, Freedom in shadows, our spirits imbue.\"" 
Mei "\"Souls in the midnight air, Bound by ties that none can tear, Eyes of ebony, a silent stare, Love's embrace, beyond compare.\"" 
Mei "\"In every whisper, in every sigh, In every tear from a moonlit eye, Love's embrace beneath the sky, In shadows deep, we'll never die.\"" 
Mei "In the abyss where shadows grow, Love's eternal flame, a vibrant glow, Embracing darkness, we let it show, In love, we find our flow." 
Narrator "The class cheered and applauded." 
Mei "Thank you." 
Mei "And if you want to hear our music, come to the upcoming music festival." 
Narrator "Mei looks at me with a thumbs up." 
Mei "[Player Name], you're up." 
Narrator "Hello, everyone. I'm [Player Name]." 
Narrator "I took a breath before telling the kids about Bean Bliss Café." 
Narrator "Some of them seemed intrigued while some of them seemed uninterested." 
Narrator "When I was done, I passed out my business cards." 
Narrator "And don't forget to tell your parents about Bean Bliss." 
Lilith "Fascinating. Anyone have any questions?" 
Narrator "Some kids raised their hands. We were able to answer most of the questions." 
Lilith "All right, class. Get out your Language Arts textbooks and open to page 316." 
Narrator "The kids groaned." 
Lilith "I know, I know, but we have to do it." 
Mei "I think I'll stay and help." 
Narrator "Same!" 
Narrator "I can help with..." 

choice "..." 
{
	-Math  
		Narrator "...The math." 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoints -v 1) 
		Mei "You're good at math?" 
		Narrator "As a self-employed business owner, you have to be." 

	-Language Arts 
		Narrator "... The language arts too." 
		PlaySFX(ThreePoints -v 1) 
		Mei "Awesome." 
		
	-History 
		Narrator "... History." 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoints -v 1) 
		Mei "You like history?" 
		Narrator "Yeah." 
		Mei "Didn't take you for a history lover." 
		Narrator "It's interesting." 
		Mei "Somewhat." 

	-Science 
		Narrator "... Science." 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoint -v 1) 
		Mei "You're good at science?" 
		Narrator "Yeah." 
		Mei "I wish that I was good at science." 
} 

Narrator "I spent the rest of the day at the school helping Lilith and Mei." 
Narrator "When the final bell chimed, it was time to leave." 
Mei "Bye, mom. I'll see at home." 
Lilith "Bye, Mei. Thanks for your help today." 
Narrator "See you later, Mei." 
Narrator "As I was about to leave, Lilith called to me." 
Lilith "[Player Name], may I speak with you before leave?" 
Narrator "Sure." 
Lilith "What do you think of my daughter?" 
Lilith "Do you like my daughter?" 
Narrartor "I think she's a cool person. I like her." 
Lilith "No, no. Do you like her as more that just a friend?" 
Narrator "I don't know." 
Lilith "I have noticed my daughter has taken quite a liking to you. I have no issues with you spending time with daughter, but please don't break her heart." 
Lilith "She's special to me, and I wouldn't want to see her hurt, not again." 
Lilith "She's been through a lot." 
Narrator "I looked back to all of the things that Mei had confided in me - trauma, heartbreak, and loss." 
Narrator "I understood the weight of what she had been through, I understood her mother's wishes." 
Narrator "I'll try not to, ma'am." 
Narrator "Today, I learned more about Mei and finally had the chance to meet her mother, but now, reflecting on everything, I realized that I need to sort out my feelings for Mei." 
Narrator "As this point, it's evident that she has feelings for me." 
Narrator "To be honest, I suspected her feelings for me for a while now." 
Narrator "I have to truly think about how I feel about her. When the time comes, I want to be prepared to give her an honest answer." 

MeiHangOutEightComplete()         
HideGalleryImage()
HideDB(-spd 1) 
UIHide()
wait(0.75)
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)
StopSong(), StopAmbience() 
Wait(1)  
AdvanceDay() 
Load(ApartmentStart -enqueue true)  