SetLayerMedia(background Bar)

Narrator "... A Mojito."  
Bartender "Nice choice. Minty fresh comin' right up."  
Mei "I'll take a glass of Red Wine."  
Bartender "You got it."  

Narrator "As the bartender moved to prepare our drinks, I leaned against the counter and gave Mei a curious glance."  
Narrator "Red wine again? Not even tempted by something new tonight?"  
Mei "She rested her elbow on the bar, shooting me a half-smile."  
Mei "I have experienced enough 'adventures' in a glass, thanks." 
Mei "I'll stick to what I know won't betray me."  
Narrator "I chuckled."  
Narrator "So wine's the safe zone?"  
Mei "Exactly. It doesn't lie to you, doesn't hit you out of nowhere, and doesn't convince you to text your ex at 2 AM."  
Narrator "I grinned, nodding as the bartender returned with our drinks."  
Narrator "The Mojito sparkled with crushed ice and fresh mint, while her wine gleamed dark and rich in the low bar lighting."  

Narrator "I took a refreshing sip, the mix of mint and lime hitting just right."  
Narrator "Mei swirled her glass, savoring a long sip."  
Mei "Now this is a drink."  
Narrator "I raised an eyebrow, smirking."  
Narrator "I mean, yeah... Red wine is good."  
Narrator "Smooth, classic... But kind of overrated, don't you think?"  
Mei "She gasped, hand over her chest."  
Mei "Excuse you?"  
Narrator "I laughed."  
Narrator "Don't get me wrong, it's solid."  
Narrator "Just... Feels a bit serious for a night like this."  
Mei "She raised an eyebrow, swirling her glass with a smirk."  
Mei "Maybe I like a little seriousness."  
Mei "And some class." 
Narrator "I chuckled, letting the minty coolness of my mojito linger before speaking again."  
Narrator "You make it look good, I'll give you that."  
Mei "She tilted her head, eyes twinkling."  
Mei "Careful. Say a few more things like that and I might start thinking you're trying to impress me."  
Narrator "I took another sip, my grin lingering behind the rim of the glass."  
Narrator "Who says I'm not?" 


Narrator "The bar's mellow chatter blended with soft music as we eased into conversation."  
Narrator "We went from teasing to talking about books, favorite smells, and whether ghosts would actually be chill roommates."  
Narrator "Time passed without either of us noticing, our drinks slowly emptying between laughter and thoughtful silences."  
Narrator "Eventually, the bar began to quiet, and we exchanged a glance that said the same thing."  
Narrator "With one last sip, we stood up, and left." 

HideGalleryImage()  
HideDB(-spd 1)  
wait(0.75)  
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)  
StopSong(), StopAmbience()  
wait(1)  
LoadScene(Bar -enqueue true)
