$player.charm = 0 
$player.kindness = 0 
$player.patience = 0 
$player.courage = 0 
$player.confidence = 0 
$player.intelligence = 0 
$player.strength = 0 
$player.humor = 0 
$player.diligence = 0 
$Mei.friendship = 0 

Narrator "I drove through the bustling streets until I arrived to town square." 
Narrator "When I arrived, unsurprisingly, the parking lots were overcrowded with cars." 
Narrator "I had to circle the area multiple times, weaving through the busy streets, before finally finding a place to park." 
Narrator "I swear, finding parking during major events is always a pain." 
Narrator "The parking space was about a mile from the event, but at least I was able to find parking nearby." 
Narrator "It was a distance I was willing to accept just to see Mei perform." 
Narrator "After I parked the car, I sprinted toward the town square, hoping that I wouldn't miss my chance to meet with Mei before she got swept up in the whirlwind of the spotlight." 
Narrator "I weaved through the crowds of people, making my way toward the stage amidst the lively atmosphere of the event, passing the red and black-tiled concrete pathways and the enormous water fountain in the center of the square." 
Narrator "I began to walk when I was close to the stairs beside the stage, huffing and puffing for the rest of the way there." 
Security Guard "Hey, you can't come backstage." 
<input> "I'm friends with one of the lead singers that's playing tonight. Her name is Mei. Could I speak with her, please? I'm <input>." 
Narrator "Behind the guard, I saw Mei talking with her bandmates. I waved and called to her." 
<input> "Mei!" 
Narrator "Mei noticed me and gestured to the guard to let me in." 
Narrator "Mei and her bandmates prepared backstage for their highly anticipated gig at the town's music festival, each member tuning their instruments and doing mic checks." 
Narrator "As I approached Mei, I froze, noticing how stunning she looked in her gothic attire, donning a black dress with smoky makeup framing her eyes." 
Narrator "A delicate silver pendant in the shape of a crescent moon hung from her neck, complementing her styled elegant waves of hair that cascaded over her shoulders like a silken waterfall." 
<input> "You look amazing." 
Mei "Thanks. My mom helped me with the makeup." 
Narrator "Mei looked down for moment, her hands fidgeting with her guitar strings." 
<input> "Nervous?" 
Mei "What if I choke again? What if the audience hates our music?" 
Narrator "Her voice tinged with anxiety." 
<input> "Listen, it's totally natural to feel nervous before performing, everyone gets nervous before going on stage." 
<input> "Don't let your nerves overpower your love for music." 
<input> "Remember why you love music, why you started playing in the first place." 
<input> "Take a few deep breaths and channel your energy into your music instead of your nerves. You got this!" 
<input> "You're going to kick ass out there. Your music is great." 
Narrator "Mei smiled." 
Mei "You're the best."  
Narrator "Before I knew it, I found myself filled with a mixture of nervousness, but I was determined to tell Mei how I felt." 
Narrator "I knew this was my chance to tell her how I felt." 
Jacob "Mei, you ready?" 
Mei "Ready when you guys are!" 
Mei "And I made a new guitar solo the other night." 
Jacob "Hell yeah! That's why we call you Mei Whoo!" 
Narrator "As Mei prepared to step onto the stage, I took a breath then mustered up the courage to speak." 
<input> "Mei, wait." 
Narrator "I grabbed her wrist. She looked at me with anticipation, a hint of a smile playing on her lips." 
Mei "What's up, <input>?" 
<input> "I have done a lot of thinking and I can confirm that I do harbor feelings for you." 
<input> "I have been attracted to you since we first met at my café, and the more time we spent together, those feelings have only deepened." 
<input> "You're different, you're not like anyone else I have ever met." 
<input> "Mei, you mean a lot to me. You're not just my best friend, but you're also the most incredible person I know." 
<input> "I'm drawn to your adventurous spirit, your passion for music, and your gothic style." 
Narrator "Mei's eyes widened in surprise."  
Mei "<input>, I..." 
Narrator "Before Mei could fully respond, the stage manager's voice cut through the air, calling for Midnight Ghosts to start their performance." 
Narrator "Mei looked at me but I gave her a hopeful smile, an encouraging thumbs up, and stepped back to give her space to focus on the show." 
Narrator "She smiled then nodded, allowing herself to join her bandmates under the spotlight." 
Narrator "Right before the performance began, I walked off the back of the stage, then hurried to the front to get a better view of the performance." 
Narrator "The stage lights dimmed gradually, casting the stage into a deepening darkness until it became pitch black, leaving only the flickering flames of wax candles visible. Soon, wisps of smoke drifted and swirled around the stage, gently enveloping the stage in a mysterious haze."  
Narrator "An eerie melody began to drift through the air, accompanied by the tender tones of a soft voice."  
Mei as Familiar Voice "\"Darkness fills my heart. I feel torn apart.\"" 
Narrator "The stage lights instantly turned back on, illuminating Mei and her band in a burst of brightness." 
Narrator "What had initially been a faint voice transformed into powerful screams, layered with distortion and reverberation that filled the air with electrifying energy." 
Narrator "The haunting melodies and poignant lyrics permeated the air, captivating the audience's attention and amplifying the enthusiastic cheers." 
Narrator "Mei's commanding vocals sliced through the music, carrying a spectrum of emotions from heartache and resentment to resilience." 
Narrator "Everyone seemed captivated by Mei's vulnerability in the lyrics and the passion in her performance held everyone spellbound, drawing them deeper into the emotional journey of the music." 
Narrator "Throughout the concert, I found myself swaying to every beat, completely immersed in the music." 
Narrator "After getting to know Mei better, I started to better-understand her songs, picking up on the details that reflected her life - love, loss, abuse, healing, and self-discovery." 
Narrator "At the ending of each song, the audience cheered." 
Mei "I made this next song for someone special to me. My best friend and the love of my life." 
<input> "Mei?" 
 Narrator "I whispered to myself." 
Mei "\"In shadows deep, where sorrow sleeps, My heart beats cold, where darkness creeps. Haunted by ghosts of pain untold, Bitter tears, a story of old.\"" 
Mei "\"Heartache, resentment, a soul in chains, In a world of shadows, where nothing remains.\"" 
Mei "\"But in your light, I find my way, You heal my wounds, you make me stay.\""  
Mei "\"Your love's a beacon in the night, Guiding me from endless fright. You mend the pieces of my soul, Together, we're stronger, we're whole.\"" 
Mei "\"From the ashes, love's rebirth, A symphony of healing, a new birth. With you by my side, I'm unafraid, In your love's embrace, my scars fade.\"" 
Narrator "The song followed up with an electrifying guitar solo, Mei closed her eyes, allowing the music to wash over her completely." 
Narrator "The rhythm started off gently, gradually building in intensity. It was almost like the music itself was a conduit for expressing Mei's emotions." 
Narrator "As the concert reached its peak, I joined the enthusiastic crowd in cheering and applauding Mei's incredible performance. Mei's talent was undeniable."  
Narrator "After the concert, as Mei and her band greeted fans, I approached her. We exchanged a high five." 
<input> "You were amazing!" 
Mei "Yeah. Thanks to you." 
Narrator "Mei smiled." 
<input> "Mei, did you really mean...?" 
Mei "I did, <input>. I feel the same." 
Narrator "Mei smiled warmly and took my hand." 
Mei "Your confession meant the world to me. I have always valued our relationship." 
Mei "I believe that there's something more between us that we can explore." 
Narrator "With that, Mei and I shared a tender moment, our bond blossoming into something deeper and more meaningful." 

