SetLayerMedia(background Bar)

Narrator "... A shot of tequila."
Bartender "Comin' right up." 
Bartender "Lime and salt?"
Narrator "Wouldn't have it any other way."
Mei "And I'll take a glass of Red Wine."
Bartender "Got it."
Narrator "As the bartender left to prepare our drinks, I leaned against the counter and shot Mei a smirk." 
Narrator "Red wine? Fancy. Should I start calling you 'Madame Wu' from now on?"
Narrator "She rolled her eyes, resting her elbow on the counter." 
Mei "Very funny, Mr. [Last Name]." 
Mei "You know, some of us like to actually taste our drinks instead of just downing it." 
Narrator "Hey, tequila has depth. It's like... An experience."
Narrator "She smirked, lifting her glass slightly." 
Mei "But tequila is more of a party drink. If I'm taking shots, I want loud music, dancing, and confetti."
Narrator "I chuckled as the bartender slid our drinks in front of us." 
Narrator "I picked up my shot, licking the salt off my finger before downing the tequila in one go." 
Narrator "The familiar burn trailed down my throat, sharp and unapologetic." 
Narrator "I bit into the lime, the sour tang cutting through the heat of the alcohol." 
Narrator "A slow exhale followed as the warmth settled in my chest." 
Narrator "Nothing like a shot to make you feel energized."
Narrator "She swirled her wine, inhaling the aroma before taking a slow, contented sip." 
Mei "Now this is a drink."
Narrator "I smirked, setting my lime wedge down." 
Narrator "You sure you don't want a shot?" 
Narrator "She scoffed." 
Narrator "She swirled her wine before taking another slow, contented sip." 
Mei "I'll stick with a drink that doesn't try to set my throat on fire, thanks."
Narrator "Suit yourself."
Mei "But if a dance floor magically appears, you better be ready to keep up."
Narrator "I chuckled." 
Narrator "The bar hummed with low chatter and country music as we talked, our conversation flowing effortlessly between sips, sarcasm, and laughter." 
Narrator "Time slipped away, blending into the warmth of our drinks and the steady rhythm of the evening." 
Narrator "Eventually, as the bar's lively buzz began to die down, we exchanged a glance over our near-empty glasses." 
Narrator "And with a final sip, we knew it was time to call it a night." 

HideGalleryImage()
HideDB(-spd 1)
wait(0.75)
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)
StopSong(), StopAmbience()
wait(1)
LoadScene(Bar -enqueue true)