SetLayerMedia(background NinaApartment) 

PhoneEnabled(false) 

ShowMC() 

Narrator "I walked through the quiet hallway of Nina's apartment building."
Narrator "When I reached her door, I knocked."
Narrator "A moment passed before I heard the sound of footsteps - slow, deliberate. Then the door creaked open."
Narrator "Nina stood in the doorway, wrapped in a loose cardigan, her auburn hair pulled into a lazy bun and her eyes met mine."
Nina "Hey."
Narrator "Hey. You ready?"
Narrator "She nodded, then stepped back, opening the door fully and motioning me inside."
Narrator "The warmth of the apartment brushed against me as I entered. The air smelled faintly of turpentine and lavender detergent."
Narrator "She closed the door behind me."
Narrator "In the living room, her easel stood by the window, bathed in pale lamp light. The self-portrait, no longer covered - leaned against it." 
Narrator "We stood shoulder to shoulder in front of the painting in silence." 
Narrator "Nina's arms were crossed, but her hands trembled slightly at her elbows." 
Narrator "Her eyes stayed fixed on the canvas, but her voice cut clean through the silence."
Nina "Let's burn it."
Narrator "Her words didn't sound dramatic or impulsive this time. She sounded calm. Certain."
Narrator "Are you sure?"
Nina "Yeah. It's time." 
Narrator "She glanced at me."
Nina "Where should we do it?"
Narrator "She asked where we should burn it, but I knew this wasn't just about the location." 
Narrator "Different places held a piece of her past. The question wasn't just where but which version of herself she was ready to face or break." 
Narrator "I looked at Nina."
Narrator "The cliffside."
Narrator "She smiled, a small, knowing smile."
Nina "That's actually perfect."
Narrator "Yeah."
Narrator "What better place to do it than the place you always go to when things get tough?"
Narrator "The cliffside wasn't just scenic, it was a place for her to breath, think, or rec-center." 
Narrator "We didn't talk much on the way. The drive was quiet, headlights sweeping through trees as the road curved along the mountain." 
Narrator "When we arrived, I parked in the cracked remnants of the old, abandoned parking area - a pull-off clinging to the edge of the mountain." 
Narrator "The faded yellow lines were barely visible, worn to ghosts by time and weather, and patches of grass crept through the cracks."
Narrator "Iron railings, chipped with rust, curved around the edge of the overlook."
Narrator "We got out of the car and walked up to the overlook, our footsteps echoed against the cold pavement and dirt, the wind threading between us."
Narrator "Baywood Springs stretched out below, speckled with golden lights, wrapped in fog and silence."
Narrator "Just nearby was an old, rusted metal trash can. The kind that a homeless person might have once used for late-night fires." 
Narrator "Its sides were dented with age, blackened near the bottom." 
Narrator "We dragged it carefully to the edge of the lot and set it down on a patch of open concrete."
Narrator "She helped me stack dry sticks and broken branches inside. Then she pulled a lighter from her coat pocket." 
Narrator "The flame sparked to life easily, curling through the kindling and casting dancing shadows against the guardrails."
Narrator "Nina stood still, her face lit orange by the growing fire, staring into the flame like it was whispering something only she could hear."
Narrator "Then, with both hands, she lifted the painting and dropped it into the trash can."
Narrator "The flames climbed eagerly, curling the corners of the canvas, devouring the paint."
Narrator "Then she reached into her coat again and pulled out a flask."
Narrator "The same battered flask I'd seen her with before. Her fingers curled around it, knuckles tight, as she unscrewed the cap slowly."
Narrator "She raised it close to her lips, but paused."
Narrator "Her hand trembled. For a moment, she didn't move."
Narrator "Then she looked at me, eyes unsure, as if asking what came next."
Narrator "I shook my head gently."
Narrator "Nina looked back at the flask." 
Narrator "Then, with a slow, steady breath, she tilted it sideways."
Narrator "The alcohol poured out, dark against the concrete, disappearing into the cracks."
Narrator "She exhaled, like something heavy had finally been set down."
Narrator "She reached into her coat pocket."
Nina "I brought this too."
Narrator "It was an envelope. Still sealed. Her name written on the front in sharp, careful handwriting."
Narrator "It looked familiar."
Narrator "Nina, is that...?"
Nina "It's my mom's letter. I've had it for years. Never opened it."
Nina "Should I?
Narrator "She asked as she gestured it to the fire."

choice "..." 
{ 
    -Burn it with the painting 
        Narrator "Then maybe it's time to let that go too." 
        Narrator "If it's only been hurting you just to have it... You don't need to carry that weight." 
        Narrator "Nina stared at it. For a moment, she just stood there - still, silent - then gently let the letter slip from her fingers into the flames. It landed beside the ashes of the portrait, curling inward as the fire consumed it." 
        Narrator "Nina let out a long, shaky breath - like she'd been holding it in for years and had finally given herself permission to let it go." 
        Nina "It's time to move on." 
        
    -Open it first 
        Narrator "I think you should open it." 
        Narrator "She didn't respond right away." 
        Narrator "She just stared down at the envelope in her hands like it might burn her before the fire ever got the chance." 
        Narrator "You should know what it says. After all this time... Don't you want to?" 
        Narrator "I saw Nina's lips press tightly, her eyes shimmered faintly in the firelight." 
        Narrator "She slowly shook her head, like she couldn't bring herself to do it." 
        Narrator "Nina, whatever it says, you should hear it."
        Narrator "Another moment passed." 
        Narrator "Then, without a word, Nina held out the envelope."
        Nina "Read it to me."
        Narrator "Her voice was low, almost ashamed, but honest. She was... Vulnerable, which was a rare sight." 
        Narrator "I took the envelope gently."
        Narrator "I broke the seal, unfolded the letter, and stared at the page for a long second."
        Narrator "My brows furrowed. I tilted my head."
        Narrator "Nina held her head low."
        Nina "... Is it that bad?"
        Narrator "No. It's... in Italian."  
        Narrator "Nina groaned, rubbing her face with one hand."
        Nina "Of course it is."
        Narrator "She snatched the letter from my hands and sighed."
        Nina "Move over, I'll translate before you get a chance to butcher my language."
        Narrator "I stepped back, hands raised in surrender."
        Narrator "Nina began to read the letter."
        Narrator "'Nina, I don't know if you'll ever read this, but I'm writing it anyway. I need to say what I should have said a long time ago.'" 
        Nina "Here we go." 
        Nina "'I've had time to reflect - on the words I spoke, and the ones I left unspoken. I know I said things no mother should say. I told you that you were selfish. That you were throwing your life away.'" 
        Nina "'I told you that because I thought I was protecting you... But in truth, I was afraid.'" 
        Nina "'Afraid of what would happen to you. Afraid of what your father would do. Afraid of watching you chase something I didn't understand, and not knowing how to help you if you failed.'" 
        Nina "'And worst of all - afraid you'd fail and blame me.'"
        Nina "'Your father was furious when he found out you changed majors. You know how he is - unyielding, proud, quick to anger. I should have stopped him. I should have defended you.'" 
        Nina "'But instead... I stayed quiet. I went along with it. Not out of belief, but fear. For that, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.'"
        Nina "'You've always been strong-willed. I admired that in you more than I let on. You had a fire in you since you were little - something bold and amazing.'" 
        Nina "'If I could go back, I'd tell you to fight harder. To paint louder. To ignore us when we told you to be practical. To take up space. To make messes and masterpieces.'" 
        Nina "'I hope you've found your way, wherever you are. I hope you're still painting, even when it's hard. Especially when it's hard." 
        Nina "'And I hope that one day, you'll forgive me. Not just for the things I said but for the times I stood by and said nothing, when you needed me most.'" 
        Narrator "Nina swiped away a tear before it could fully fall." 
        Nina "'Whatever happens, whatever you've become - I want you to know this: I love you. I always have. Even when I didn't know how to show it. Even when I let you walk away without saying it.'"
        Nina "'I still see your hands covered in paint, your eyes lit up by a sketch you couldn't wait to finish." 
        Nina "And I hope you're still chasing that feeling.'"
        Narrator "'Love,  Mamma.'" 
        Narrator "She folded the letter back up, slowly. Her eyes shimmered." 
        Narrator "For a moment, she just stood there - still, silent - then gently let the letter slip from her fingers into the flames. It landed beside the ashes of the portrait, curling inward as the fire consumed it." Narrator "She began trembling then she looked at me."
        Narrator "She suddenly ran toward me - arms wrapping tightly around my chest as she buried her face in my shoulder." Narrator "Her breath hitched. Then came the quiet, ragged sobs." 
        Narrator "I patted her back, trying to comfort her." 
        Narrator "I'm surprised to see you this way. You're usually strong." 
        Nina "No. I just pretend to be strong." 
        Nina "Back home, vulnerability was seen as a weakness. You cry, you break, you lose - simple as that. My father made damn sure I learned that early." 
        Nina "So I got good at pretending." 
        Nina "I covered my vulnerability with sarcasm, art, hookups, and whiskey. It was easier than being honest."  
        Nina "And when everything fell apart... I guess I just never found a reason to stop pretending." 
        Narrator "Why didn't you ever tell me this before?" 
        Nina "Because we weren't friends then."Nina "Not the real kind. Not the kind you cry on." 
}

Nina "Thanks, for everything, [Player Name]." 
Nina "I don't even know why I called you a 'friend' earlier." 
Nina "I guess that's just... Me still pretending." 
Nina "The truth is - I... I love you." 
Nina "And I'm not saying that that because I'm hurt or looking to hook up with you." 
Nina "I mean it." 
Nina "I love you." 

choice "..." 
{ 

    -I Love You Too 
        Narrator "I love you too, Nina."
        Narrator "She looked up at me, her eyes widened slightly, like she wasn't expecting that response."
        Narrator "She let go of me and stood back, giving me space." 
        Narrator "Her shoulders sank with a quiet, trembling breath."
        Nina "God... You have no idea how long I've wanted to say that."
        Narrator "She stepped closer and rested her head against my chest." 
        Narrator "I welcomed it." 
        Narrator "For a moment, we didn't speak. It was quiet, with only the sound of the fire crackling beside us." 
        Narrator "She reached for my hand. It was steady. Warm." 
        Narrator "We then looked toward the railing,  admiring the town below while still holding each other." 
        Narrator "We should head back into town soon. It's getting late."  
        Nina "Just a few more minutes." 
        Narrator "Nina and I walked back to the car, our fingers laced together as we drove back into town."   

    -I'm Sorry 
        Narrator "Nina... I'm sorry but..." 
        Nina "No need to apologize." 
        Nina "I expected it." 
        Narrator "I care about you. I really do." 
        Narrator "But I don't feel the same way."
        Narrator "Nina froze for a second. Just a second. Then she nodded once, sharply."
        Nina "It's OK. I get it."
        Narrator "She gave a soft, breathy laugh that didn't quite reach her eyes."
        Nina "Well, I'm glad I told you." 
        Nina "I'm tired of pretending." 
        Narrator "She walked toward  the railing to look out into the town." 
        Nina "Thanks for being here anyway." 
        Narrator "I joined her." 
        Narrator "We both looked at the town below and the stars above." 
        Narrator "We should head back into town soon. It's getting late."  
        Nina "You're right." 
        Nina "Let's get going." 
        Narrator "We walked back to the car and drove back into town." 
} 

HideDB(-spd 1) 
HideGalleryImage()
HideDB(-spd 1) 
wait(0.75)
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)
StopSong(), StopAmbience() 
wait(1)   
AdvanceDay() 
Load(ApartmentStart) 

Narrator "I remembered a time not long after we met, when she texted me late at night without saying much. I followed the pin she dropped and found her there—cross-legged, her hoodie up, wind biting at her cheeks. A sketchpad balanced on her knees, a half-empty flask tucked at her side."

Narrator "She didn’t hear me at first. She was drawing the horizon with furious little strokes, as if it could answer all the questions she never said aloud. I didn’t interrupt. I just sat beside her in silence."

Narrator "After a long time, she said, 'I feel like I can breathe up here. Like everything else goes quiet.'"

Narrator "That memory followed us back up here." 