SetLayerMedia(background park)          

PhoneEnabled(false) 

Narrator "After Nina and I made it to the park, she led me to a spot near the lake, surrounded by lush greenery." 
Narrator "Towering fir and cedar trees framed the park, their evergreen needles shimmering in the sunlight." 
Narrator "Moss carpeted the trunks, and wildflowers dotted the edges of the pathways, adding pops of color to the landscape." 
Narrator "I sat on a weathered wooden bench beneath a sprawling oak tree, its massive branches stretching overhead like a canopy." 
Narrator "Across from me, Nina set up her easel and paints near the edge of the park's small, tranquil lake." 
Narrator "She wore a loose, paint-splattered shirt over her jeans and had her hair tied back messily, with strands sticking out as the gentle breeze played with it." 
[Player Name] "So, do you always set up here?" 
Narrator "Nina flinched slightly, as though she was pulled from a trance." 
Narrator "She then glanced at me, a bit confused." 
Nina "Oh, uh..." 
Narrator "She looks down for a moment." 
Narrator "Then glanced at me with a small, almost apologetic smile." 
Nina "Not always. But this spot has the best lighting, and I'm a sucker for good light." 
Nina "It makes all the difference."
[Player Name] "Is that what makes a painting come alive? Good lighting?" 
Narrator "Nina paused, her brush hovering over the palette." 
Nina "It's one of the things." 
Nina "But it's also about the emotion you put into it." 
Nina "You have to see more than just what's in front of you." 
Nina "You have to feel it."
Narrator "I leaned back, folding my arms." 
[Player Name] "Okay, so if I were painting you right now, what would I feel?"
Narrator "She laughed, the sound of her laugh was light." 
Nina "Probably frustration." 
NIna "I'd never sit still long enough for you to finish." 
Nina "I'm not someone that likes to be still for long periods of time."
Narrator "I grinned." 
[Player Name] "Fair enough." 
[Player Name] "But really, what's the secret? How do you make it look so effortless?"
Narrator "Nina tilted her head, considering the question." 
Nina "Years of practice, spontaneousness, and a willingness to mess up." 
Nina "A lot. That's what it means to be an artist." 
Nina "You learn to embrace the mistakes and sometimes you have to go with the flow, because sometimes they lead to something better than what you planned."
Narrator "That's deep." 
Narrator "She rolled her eyes, but her smile lingered." 
Nina "It's not that deep. It's just painting." 
Nina "But I guess it applies to life too."
[Player Name] "You ever teach anyone? Seems like you'd be good at it."
Narrator "Her expression softened, a wistful look crossing her face." 
Nina "I have thought about it." 
Nina "But back when I was at Baywood University, it wasn't really on my radar." 
Nina "You already know I was juggling school and commissions, and, well, it caught up with me." 
Nina "Managing my time wasn't  exactly my strong suit back then. They ended up kicking me out."
Narrator "I nodded, already familiar with the story." 
[Player Name] "That must have been a lot to deal with." 
[Player Name] "Did you ever think about quitting art altogether?"
Nina "Honestly? For a while, yeah." 
Nina "I thought maybe I wasn't cut out for it." 
Nina "But every time I tried to walk away from it, I'd find myself sketching on napkins or painting over old canvases. " 
Nina "It's like... It's a part of me I can't shut off." 
[Player Name] "And it shows." 
Narrator "I said, gesturing toward her canvas." 
[Player Name] "Looks like you made the right call." 
Narrator "She smiled faintly, her eyes softening." 
Nina "Thanks." 
Nina "I'm still trying figuring everything else out, but I guess I have learned to embrace the mess that I am first." 

choice "..." 
{ 
	-Miss Baywood University? 
		[Player Name] "Do you miss Baywood University?" 
		Nina "Yeah." 
		Nina "I was in their art program." 
		Nina "It was everything I wanted, but I couldn't keep my grades up." 
		Nina "The workload, the expectations, the commissions... It got overwhelming." 
		Narrator "Her focus shifted back to her canvas, and I watched her work for a while longer, marveling at how natural it seemed for her to paint."  
		Narrator "Her brush strokes were deliberate yet fluid." 

	-Sounds Like A Good Philosophy 
		[Player Name] "Embracing the mess sounds like the perfect philosophy." 
		[Player Name] "Has that always been your approach?" 
		Narrator "Nina tilted her head before responding." 
		Nina "Not always. I used to hate messing up." 
		Nina "I used to be my own worst critic." 
		Nina "If a painting wasn't perfect, I'd scrap it - sometimes before I even finished it." 
		Narrator "She laughed softly, shaking her head." 
		Nina "But after a while, I realized nothing I make is perfect." 
		Nina "Nothing I create will ever be flawless, and that's okay."  
		Nina "Mistakes are part of the process." 
		Nina "Life's like that too - you can either obsess over flaws, or you can make something wonderful out of them." 
		[Player Name] "That's a pretty good outlook." 
		Nina "Yeah, I like to think so."  
		Nina "Still working on always practicing what I preach though."   
		Nina "I still have trouble finishing personal pieces."    
		
	-Being a Mess Makes Your Art Honest   
		[Player Name] "But doesn't being a mess make your art more... Honest?" 
		[Player Name] "Like it's a reflection of everything you're feeling, right?" 
		Narrator "Nina paused mid-fidget, her fingers stilling as she looked at me." 
		Nina "Yeah." 
		Nina "That's a good point." 
		Nina "It's not about making something pretty - it's about showing the truth." 
		[Player Name] "So, it's like you're leaving a piece of yourself in every painting?" 
		Nina "Exactly." 
		Nina "And sometimes, that's the only way I can really say what I want to say." 
		[Player Name] "Well, whatever you're trying to say, I'm sure it's definitely worth hearing." 
		Narrator "Nina smiled." 
} 

Narrator "Occasionally, she would pause, tilt her head to look at the scenery as if observing the park before transferring it onto her painting." 
Nina "Almost done~." 
Narrator "Her voice was light, but there was a hint of excitement in it, as if she couldn't wait to show me her work." 
[Player Name] "No rush. Take your time. This is your masterpiece, after all." 
Narrator "She glanced over her shoulder and flashed me a playful smirk." 
Nina "Masterpiece? That might be a stretch, but it's nice to know I got a cheerleader." 
Narrator "A few more strokes, and Nina finally stepped back from the easel, wiping her hands on a rag." 
Nina "I think that's it for today," she said, holding up the rag and inspecting the canvas one last time." 
Narrator "She gestured for me to come over." 
Nina "Alright, come take a look." 
Narrator "I got up and stood beside her." 
Narrator "The painting was a vibrant explosion of colors that reflected her interpretation of the park during the day." 
Narrator "Swirls of bold hues danced across the canvas, capturing the warmth of the sunlight, the gentle ripples in the lake, and the life teeming within the scenery." 
Narrator "It was as though she had infused the scene with her own emotions, creating something both familiar and fantastical." 
Narrator "Her unique style - a blend of realism and whimsy - gave the scene a dreamlike quality." 
Narrator "Wow. It looks great, Nina."           
Narrator "She blushed slightly, looking down at her brushes." 
Nina "Thanks." 
[Player Name] Are you going to finish this one?" 
Nina "As much as I want to continue this piece, I'm all out of ultramarine blue, and I can't finish without it." 
Nina "It's one of the main colors for the lake and shadows." 
Nina "Would you mind coming with me to the art supply store?" 
Nina "I promise I won't take forever." 
[Player Name] "Of course." 
Nina "Well, we have to wait for the paint to dry, so we have to give it some time." 

Narrator "The art supply store was a cozy little shop nestled in the rows of stores lined near the park, its shelves lined with every imaginable shade of paint, stacks of sketchbooks, and jars of brushes." 
Narrator "The faint smell of turpentine and paper filled the air." 
Narrator "Nina immediately made her way to the paint aisle, her eyes scanning for the specific colors she needed." 
Narrator "I trailed behind, noticing her indecisiveness as she selected a few tubes, scanned them, and put them back on the shelf." 
Narrator "She did this for a while before finding the colors that were just right and dropping them into her basket." 
Narrator "We were just about to head to the counter when a voice called out." 
Joesph as "Man's Voice" "Nina?" 
Narrator "Nina froze for a split second, her posture stiffening before she turned around." 
Narrator "Standing a few feet away was a tall, handsome man with dark hair, accompanied by a woman with a smile." 
Narrator "The man's expression was one of surprise and faint awkwardness, while the woman's seemed almost smug." 
Nina "Oh, hi, Joseph." 
Narrator "Nina's voice calm but devoid of warmth." 
Narrator "Her gaze flicked briefly to the woman beside him. 
Nina "And... Sophia."
Narrator "Joseph held up a small bag in his hand, gesturing toward the aisle behind him." 
Joesph "We're just grabbing some supplies for Sophia's latest project." 
Joesph "She's been trying her hand at some abstract stuff for an assignment." 
Narrator "Sophia chimed in immediately afterward, her tone overly sweet." 
Sophia "Yes, but it's nothing as impressive as what you do, Nina." 
Sophia "I have been dabbling with textures and mixed media." 
Sophia "Joseph thought it would be fun idea for us to work on something creative together with whatever's leftover." 
Narrator "I looked down and noticed Nina's grip tightened on her basket, and her voice remained steady." 
Nina "That's nice."
Narrator "Joseph's eyes darted to me, as if he finally acknowledge that I was there." 
Narrator "His expression shifting slightly, as if sizing me up. 
Joesph "And who's this?"  
Narrator "I felt a surge of protectiveness as I noticed Nina's shoulders tense ever so slightly. Her fingers gripped the basket tighter, and her smile, though polite, didn't quite reach her eyes." 

choice "..." 
{
	-A Friend 
		Narrator "I took a step closer to her, subtly angling my body between her and Joseph." 
		[Player Name] "A friend." 
		Narrator "Joseph nodded slowly, his expression unreadable as his eyes flicked back to Nina." 
		Joesph "Right. Well, good seeing you, Nina." 
		Narrator "Sophia chimed in with her usual syrupy tone." 
		Sophia "Yes, take care, Nina." 
		Sophia "And good luck with... Everything." 
		Narrator "Nina's jaw tightened, but she kept her composure." 
		Narrator "As they walked away, she exhaled deeply as if she had been holding her breath." 
		Nina "Thanks for that." 
		Narrator "I offered her a small smile." 
		[Player Name] "You don't have to thank me." 
		[Player Name] "I have your back." 

	-Her Boyfriend 
		Narrator "I stepped closer to Nina, my shoulder brushing against hers, and without thinking, I reached for her hand." 
		[Player Name] "Her boyfriend." 
		Narrator "Nina’s head snapped toward me, her eyes wide in surprise, and for a moment, I wondered if I had overstepped." 
		Narrator "I felt her tense, her hand small and warm in my grasp, but, surprisingly, she didn't pull away." 
		Narrator "Joseph raised an eyebrow, clearly caught off guard, while Sophia's smirk faltered ever so slightly." 
		Joesph "Oh." 
		Narrator "Joseph began clear his throat awkwardly." 
		Joesph "Didn't realize you were seeing someone." 
		Narrator "Nina recovered quickly, though I noticed the faintest blush on her cheeks." 
		Nina "Yeah. I am." 
		Narrator "Sophia opened her mouth to say something but seemed to think better of it." 
		Narrator "As they walked away, I let go of Nina's hand, and she turned toward me."  
		Narrator "An exasperated smile tugging at her lips, slightly amused." 
		Nina "Her boyfriend? Really?" 
		[Player Name] Hey, it got them to leave, didn't it?" 
		Nina "Oh, yeah." 
		Narrator "Nina let out a breath, her smile dimming just slightly." 
		[Player Name] "You good?" 
		Nina "Yeah. It's just... Difficult whenever I run into them." 

	-Do Nothing 
		Narrator "I stayed quiet, watching the interaction unfold." 
		Narrator "Joseph's gaze lingered on Nina a moment too long, as though he were searching for something." 
		Narrator "Sophia's smug smile never wavered as she glanced between the two of them." 
		Joesph "OK, well, take care, Nina." 
		Spohia "Yeah. Good luck with your... Little projects." 
		Narrator "Nina's smile was tight, but she didn't say word as they walked away." 
		Narrator "I caught the way her shoulders sagged slightly when they disappeared from view." 
		[Player Name] "You OK?" 
		Nina "She nodded, her eyes focused on the floor." 
		Nina "Yeah. I just hate... They get under my skin." 
		Narrator "I frowned." 
		[Player Name} "You don't owe them anything, Nina. They're not worth it." 

}

[Player Name] "Who were those two?" 
Nina "It's... complicated." 
Nina "Joesph and I used to be a thing." 
Nina "And Sophia... She was my best friend." 
Narrator "Nina sighed again, this time softly, as she walked toward the counter to pay." 


Narrator "On the way back to her place, Nina started to explain." 
Narrator "Joseph and I dated for a while." 
Narrator "It started... Casually, I guess." 
Narrator "He was there when I needed someone, and at the time, I thought that was enough." 
Narrator "But then things got serious, or at least I thought it did." 
Narrator "Then Sophia got involved. She was my best friend. We did everything together." 
Narrator "She knew everything about me, about Joseph... And one day, I found out they were sleeping together behind my back." 
Narrator "I don’t even know when it started."       
[Player Name] "That must have sucked." 
Narrator "She paused for a moment before continuing, her voice quieter." 
Nina "It messed me up for a while - not just with them, but with trusting anyone." 
Nina "And for months, I couldn't even look at a blank canvas without thinking about how much of myself I'd shared with them." 
Nina "My art felt... Tainted." 
Nina "Like, how could I pour my heart into it when the people closest to me had already trampled all over it?" 
Nina "It made motivation for the creative process more challenging." 
Nina "But eventually, I realized I couldn't let them take that away from me too." 
Nina "Painting - it's always been my way of dealing with things." 
Nina "So, I picked up the brush again, even though it hurt." 
Nina "And slowly, I started feeling like me again." 
[Player Name] "Sounds like it sucked." 
Nina "Yeah. It's fine now. I mean, it's not fine, but I moved on." 
Nina "It just stings to see them together, and saying hi to me, acting like it never happened."
Narrator "I hesitated for a moment before speaking." 
Nina "You deserve so much better than what they gave you."
Narrator "Nina glanced at me, her eyes glistening slightly, and she smiled." 
Nina "Thanks. I guess... It just makes me more grateful for the people I have now." 
Narrator "The walk back to Nina's place started quietly, the weight of what happened lingering in the air." 
Narrator "I stayed close by her side, matching her pace." 
Narrator "She fiddled with the strap of her bag, her fingers twisting it absentmindedly, and she kept her eyes on the path ahead, rarely looking directly at me for more than a moment." 
Narrator "When she did, it was fleeting, like she was trying to say something. 
[Player Name] "You know, for someone who claims to not sit still, you were pretty calm back there." 
[Player Name] "Strong, even." 
[Player Name] "In the end, you didn't let them win." 
Narrator "She shook her head, a bittersweet smile crossing her face." 
Narrator "Then it turned into a laugh." 
Narrator "A soft but nervous laugh." 
Nina "Strong, huh?" 
Nina "Maybe I should take up acting instead of painting." 
Narrator "She glanced at me briefly, tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear before looking away again." 
Nina "I didn't feel strong." 
Nina "I felt like bolting the second I saw them." 
[Player Name] "But you didn't, and that says a lot." 
Narrator "Nina's fingers played with the edge of the bag again." 
Nina "It's easier with someone there... I don't know." 
Nina "I guess it was nice that I wasn't alone this time." 
Narrator "She glanced up at me as she said it, her gaze holding mine for just a second longer than before, before she then looked back down at the sidewalk." 
[Player Name] "I'm glad I was there, then."  
Narrator "Her steps slowed again, and for a moment, it looked like she might say something." 
Nina "You know, you're really good at this whole pep talk thing." 
Nina "Maybe you should take up counseling instead of being a barista." 

choice "..." 
{ 
	-I stick to Being Your Cheerleader 
		Narrator "I nudged her lightly with my elbow, a grin tugging at my lips." 
		[Player Name] "I think I'll stick to being your cheerleader." 
		Narrator "Nina chuckled, glancing at me with a small smile." 
		[Player Name] "Cheerleader, huh? Guess that's not such a bad thing to have." 

	-I'm Not Fit to be a Consoler 
		Narrator "I shook my head slightly, a wry smile on my face." 
		Narrator "I'm not fit to be a consoler. I'm too honest." 
		Narrator "I'd probably scare people off." 
		Narrator "Nina raised an eyebrow, her smile turning curious." 
		Nina "Too honest? What does that mean?" 
		[Player Name] "It means I'd probably tell them to get over themselves when they really need someone to coddle them." 
		Narrator "Nina laughed softly, shaking her head." 
		Nina "I don't know... Honesty can be refreshing. At least people would know where they stand." 
		[Player Name] "You think?" 
		Nina "I mean, you have been honest with me today, and... It's helped more than you know." 
} 

Nina "It's been... Nice spending time with you." 
Narrator "Nina's steps slowed slightly, and she turned her head to look at me, a smile tugging at her lips." 
Nina "I don't have many friends. Plus, I don't usually let people see this part of my world - the messy part." 
[Player Name] "The messy part is the best part. It's honest." 
Narrator "She laughed again, a little more openly this time." 
Nina "You're not wrong. I guess, well... Not many people stick around long once they notice it." 
[Player Name] "For what it's worth, I think it's worth sticking around for." 

Narrator "When we finally reached her place, she set her supplies down and turned to me." 
Nina "Thanks for being with me today. It... Was nice." 
Narrator "Her cheeks flushed, and she looked down, fiddling with her keys." 
Nina "I'll see you next time." 
[Player Name] "Same." 
Narrator "Nina closed the door with a soft thud, and a faint click followed, the sound of her locking the door echoing in the quiet hallway." 
Narrator "As I headed back home, I couldn't shake the thought of her standing tall in the face of her past." 
Narrator "She had opened up a part of herself today - a part that must have taken a lot of trust for her to share." 
Narrator "Nina wasn't just an artist, he was someone who had faced betrayal and loss yet still found a way to keep moving forward." 
Narrator "Spending the day with her made me realize how much strength she carried, even if she didn't see it herself." 
Narrator "I smiled to myself, thinking about how she had let me into her world, even just a little." 

HideGalleryImage()
HideDB(-spd 1) 
UIHide()
wait(0.75)
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)
StopSong(), StopAmbience() 
wait(1) 
AdvanceDay() 
Load(ApartmentStart -enqueue true) 