SetLayerMedia(background NinaApartment) 

PhoneEnabled(false) 

ShowMC() 

Narrator "Nina's door creaked open before I could even knock twice." 
Narrator "She stood there in a paint-smeared apron, her hair tied in a lazy bun with a paintbrush sticking out like a hairpin. A streak of green paint colored her cheek." 
Nina "Oh, thank God, you're finally here!" 
Narrator "She said, exhaling like she'd been holding her breath all day." 
Nina "I was about to drown in a sea of my own regrets - most of them acrylic." 
Narrator "She flashed me a crooked smirk, half-exhausted, half-relieved, and stepped aside." 
Narrator "Your text said to bring cleaning supplies and emotional support. Should I be worried?" 
Nina "Only if you're allergic to dust, crushed dreams, or dried paint." 
Narrator "I followed her inside."  
Narrator "It always took me a moment to adjust to the environment." 
Narrator "The smell of linseed oil, old wine, and vanilla incense still clung to everything." 
Narrator "Canvases leaned like dominoes in one corner, sketchbooks stacked high like makeshift towers." 
Narrator "Jars of brushes and alochol cans sat clustered across of her coffee table."    
Narrator "Her desk was a battlefield of creativity and burnout - An open notebook riddled with sketches, an old bottle of merlot, and vinyl player with its tonearm resting still, the record long finished." 
Nina "Welcome back to the Museum of my chaotic life." 
Narrator "Nina said with a theatrical wave." 
Nina "Try not to trip on trauma section." 

if ($PlayerStats.Humor >= 3) 
{ 
	StatRequirement(Humor) 
	Narrator "You know, with a little effort, this could be a cozy apocalypse bunker." 
	Narrator "I was going for 'bohemian masterpiece with a touch of despair', but yeah, bunker works too." 
} 

else if ($PlayerStats.Humor < 3)  
{
	Narrator "If you say so." 
}

Narrator "She grinned." 
Narrator "We started picking things up." 
Narrator "I went through a stack of her sketchbooks, flipping past intense pen strokes and half-formed drawings." 
Narrator "Nina crouched by a pile of canvases, garbbing one of the pieces." 
Narrator "She looked at it in long silence, then exhaled through her nose and tossed it aside without a word." 
Narrator "My hand bumped something solid under a pile of scrap paper." 
Narrator "It was a framed photo." 
Narrator "Nina, younger, was standing between an elderly woman and a younger girl. They were laughing in a sun-drenched courtyard, the light dancing across their faces." 
Narrator "Is this from Italy?" 
Narrator "She looked at me, but didn't answer right away." 
Narrator "She just took the photo and stared at it."
Nina "Yeah." 
Nina "I was with my Nonna and my cousin."
Narrator "She looked down at the photo, her thumb brushing over the image." 
Nina "That was one of the last good summers."
Narrator "She said quietly, like it was difficult for her to say outloud." 
Nina "My Nonna insisted on this big farewell lunch before I left for school in the States." 
Nina "We had fresh bread, pasta, wine. My cousin had just come back from Florence and was telling us stories about her art classes." 
Nina "She looked up to me. Said she wanted to pursue art because of me." 
Narrator "She smiled, but it was faint and fleeting." 
Nina "We took that photo in her courtyard. The light always looked like honey in the afternoons." 
Nina "It was the perfect photo opportunity." 
Nina "Didn't know it would be the last time the three of us were together."
Narrator "She exhaled slowly, then walked to the kitchenette with it in hand." 
Nina "I haven't been back since. It feels like another lifetime."
Narrator "She turned it face down gently on the kitchenette counter." 
Narrator "I didn't say anything. I didn't need to. I just listened." 

Narrator "While shifting a large crate, I accidentally knocked over a small box, spilling letters and postcards across the floor like leaves." 
Narrator "Nina turned around in response then flinched." 
Narrator "She ran over and kneeled beside them, picking it up quickly."
Narrator "One letter stopped her cold." 
Nina "This one's from my mom." 
Narrator "She murmured while rising to her feet with the letter pressed tightly between both hands." 
Nina "She sent this to me after I got kicked out of school." 
Nina "I never opened it." 
Nina "I didn't need to. I knew what she wanted to say to me." 
Nina "That I was throwing my life away. That I was selfish. That I wasn't the daughter she raised." 
Narrator "She let out a small, brittle laugh but it cracked halfway through." 
Narrator "Want to talk abou-?"
Nina "No!" 
Narrator "She snapped before the question could land." 
Narrator "Her voice wasn't angry. It was more like protective. Like slamming a door shut before the cold had a chance to creep in." 
Narrator "She turned away, wiping at her eyes with the back of her wrist." 
Nina "Let's just get back to cleaning."
Narrator "There was an old easel in the corner of the room, hidden beneath a white cloth." 
Narrator "I gestured to it." 
Narrator "May I?" 
Nina "Go ahead. Just don't lie. I hate fake praise." 
Narrator "I lifted the cloth, and my breath caught." 
Narrator "It was a self-portrait of Nina - One side of her glowed with calm light. The other half looked chaotic, a whirlwind of color and sharp lines, and her eyes bled roses." 
Narrator "This is..." 

choice "..." 
{ 
	-This is beautiful.
		Narrator "Nina, this is beautiful."
		Narrator "Nina looked at me, unsurprised, almost like she was expecting the compliment."
		Nina "You're not the first person to say that, you know." 
		Nina "This portrait... It's what got me a scholarship at Baywood University." 
		Narrator "She moved closer to the canvas, scanning it."
		Nina "I used to think of this as my greatest achievement." 
		Nina "Professors, classmates, even my Picstagram followers - they all loved it." 
		Nina "But now, I can't stand looking at it." 
		Nina "I stared at it so many times that now... All I can see are its flaws."
		Narrator "She sighed." 
		Nina "And I grew to hate it."
		Narrator "Why?"
		Nina "It makes me think about who I used to be when I painted it - naive and full of blind hope."
		Nina "Every time I look at it, I see my old self, believing life was a straight path - that talent alone would be enough, and I think about everything I tied it to..."
		Nina "My hopes, my dreams, my ambition - hell, even my identity."
		Nina "It became this reminder of everything I thought I was going to be - and everything I lost."
		Nina "Now, it's nothing more than a paint-filled canvas that was made by a child."
		Narrator "I stayed quiet, just listening."
		Narrator "Then, I finally spoke." 
		Narrator "I used to think art was just about skill and making things look pretty - but it's not, is it?"
		Narrator "I looked at her, then at the portrait again."
		Narrator "Sometimes it's the messiest parts of ourselves that are the loudest because it's the most honest parts of ourselves."
		Narrator "And this painting is honest, and I'd say that makes it beautiful."
		Nina "It's not perfect though."
		Load(NinaEightIntelligence) 

	-This looks like it hurt to paint. 
		Narrator "Nina, this must have been hard for you to paint."
		Nina "Yeah. It was."  
		Nina "I used to think of this as my greatest achievement." 
		Nina "Professors, classmates, even my followers - they all loved it." 
		Nina "But now, I can't stand looking at it." 
		Nina "I stared at it so many times that now... All I can see are its flaws." 
		Narrator "She sighed." 
		Nina "And I grew to hate it." 
		Narrator "Why?" 
		Narrator "She walked around to the side of the easel and leaned against the wall; arms folded." 
		Nina "I didn't sketch it. Didn't plan it. It just... Poured out of me."
		Nina "I painted it the night I finished my final exams. All of my friends were celebrating... But me? I felt empty."
		Nina "I knew I'd be leaving for the States in a couple of weeks, and that everything I knew - my Nonna's kitchen, the smell of fresh pastries at the bakery, the street artists in the piazza - was all about to become a memory." 
		Nina "And it didn't help knowing that I had changed my major to art behind my parents' backs." 
		Nina "I knew they wouldn't support it, so I didn't tell them." 
		Nina "I was scared they'd try to stop me." 
		Nina "They wanted me to get into business - something that sounded responsible to them." 
		Nina "That night, I couldn't sleep." 
		Nina "So I pulled out a canvas, made myself a cold cup of tea and started painting." 
		Nina "It wasn't supposed to be a self-portrait. It just happened." 
		Nina "When I finished, it was like I had pulled myself out onto the canvas." 
		Nina "Not the version of me that my parents wanted to see. Not the version of me that I wanted my followers to see. Just... Me. For the first time, I felt seen - even if it was only by myself." 
		Nina "A few months later, I got kicked out for bad grades." 
		Nina "When my parents found out about everything - the dismissal and that I had changed my major behind their backs... They cut me off completely." 
		Nina "Now, every time I look at this painting, I remember everything I lost." 
		Nina "And I remember that night." 
		Nina "How scared I was. How alone I felt. How badly I wanted to believe it would all be worth it." 
		Nina "This painting is just a painful reminder." 
		Load(NinaEightEmpathy) 
} 