SetLayerMedia(background NinaApartment)         

PhoneEnabled(false) 

Narrator "After climbing the creaky stairs to her apartment, I knocked on her door then waited." 
Narrator "When she opened the door, her face lit up with a warm smile." 
Nina "Heyy." 
Narrator "She was dressed in paint-streaked overalls, her dark hair tied up in a messy bun." 
Narrator "A streak of vibrant paint crossed her cheek like an accidental war stripe." 

Nina "You actually came." 
Narrator "she said with delight, stepping aside to let me in." 
Narrator "Her Italian accent, softened by years in the States, lingered in her words." 

Narrator "Of course. I told you I'd would, didn't I?" 
Narrator "I smiled as I stepped inside, taking in her small but cozy apartment." 
Narrator "It smelled faintly of fresh paint and coffee." 
Narrator "Paintings covered nearly every wall - abstract pieces filled with bold colors and swirling patterns that seemed to pulse with emotion."
Nina "Sorry about the mess." 
Narrator "She said while kicking aside an empty canvas frame." 
Narrator "And gesturing to the paint-stained drop cloth spread across the living room, where various supplies were scattered - brushes, tubes of paint, and an empty coffee mug balanced precariously on a stack of sketchbooks." 
Nina "Creative chaos, you know?" 
Narrator "I chuckled." 
Narrator "Got too absored in your work?" 
Nina "Yeah." 
Narrator "Nina led me to a small couch by the window, where sunlight streamed in, catching dust motes midair." 
Narrator "She then moved back to her spot on the floor, settling onto her knees in front of an easel propped against the wall." 
Narrator "What have you been working on?" 
Nina "Oh, just piece for a client that they may or may not like."  
Narrator "She picked up a brush and twirled it between her fingers." 
Nina "It's... Nothing too complicated."  
Narrator "I watched as she dipped the brush into a palette smeared with colors and began adding soft strokes to the canvas." 
Narrator "Her movements were fluid, confident, yet there was some level of intensity, as though she were wrestling with the painting itself."  


choice "..." 
{ 
	-You're Amazing  
		Narrator "You're amazing." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseKindness(-st 1)  
		Narrator "Nina glanced at me, and I noticed her cheeks flushing slightly as she looked back down to continue painting." 
		Nina "You're just saying that." 
		Narrator "No, I mean it." 
		Narrator "You're ridiculously talented, Nina." 
		Narrator "She paused for a moment, the brush hovering over the canvas, before she looked at me with a small, genuine smile." 
		PlaySFX(ThreePoints -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 3)  
		Nina "Thanks."  

		
	-It's... Unique  
		Narrator "It's... Unique." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseCourage(-st 1)   
		Narrator "She smirked, setting her paintbrush down on the edge of the palette."  
		Nina "That's one way of saying it's a disaster." 
		Narrator "No. Not at all. It's a wonderful mess. It's you on a canvas."  
		Narrator "Nina glanced at me, arcrhing an eyebrow at me." 
		Nina "Are you saying I'm a mess?" 
		Narrator "Uh." 
		Nina "I'm kidding." 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoints -v 1)  
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 2)  
		Nina "I appreciate the compliment though." 
} 

Narrator "Time seemed to pass effortlessly as I stayed, comfortably sprawled on the couch." 
Narrator "She began to sit cross-legged at one point, leaning closer to the canvas as she brushed bold strokes of blue onto the canvas, I leaned back on the couch, watching her work." 
Narrator "The room became quiet except for the faint rustle of bristles against fabric and the occasional creak of the old apartment building." 
Narrator "So, what was it like growing up in Italy?" 
Narrator "She paused, tilting her head in response to the question." 
Nina "Chaotic." 
Narrator "She said with a small laugh, dipping her brush into a jar of water." 
Nina "But beautiful." 
Nina "My family lived in this tiny village on the coast." 
Nina "Everyone knew everyone. If I sneezed in the piazza, my mom would know about it before I even got home."  
Narrator "I chuckled." 
Narrator "Sounds charming. Was it one of those postcard-perfect places?" 
Nina "Pretty much. Stone streets, colorful houses, the smell of fresh bread in the air." 
Nina "My dad owned a bakery, actually. I used to sneak bites of biscotti before school." 
Narrator "Biscotti?" 
Nina "Almond bread." 
Narrator "I grinned." 
Narrator "Let me guess, you were the troublemaker." 
Narrator "Nina smirked, flicking her brush to dry it quicker."  
Nina "Not on purpose. I just... Didn't really fit in, you know? The whole small-town, follow-the-rules thing just wasn't me." 
Narrator "That's hard to believe. You? A rebel?" 
Narrator "She rolled her eyes, but her smile lingered." 
Nina "Art was my escape. I used to draw on everything - my arms, notebooks, the walls, even the church pews once." 
Narrator "Did you really?" 
Nina "Oh, yeah. The priest wasn't too thrilled. My mom nearly fainted and my dad grounded me for a month."  
Nina "But I couldn't help it. I always had to just create something. Always. Draw whatever came to mind."  
Narrator "That makes sense. It's who you are after all." 
Narrator "For a moment, she didn't respond, her focus shifting back to the painting." 
Narrator "The only sound was the rhythmic strokes of her brush." 
Nina "I guess I just... Didn't want to give up on myself." 
Nina "Even when it felt like everyone else had." 
Narrator "At least you're trying. That's something. A lot of people don't even try or just give up." 
Narrator "She looked at me." 
Nina "You're sweet." 
Narrator "She said, almost shyly." 

Narrator "Later, as the light in the room grew warmer, I broke the silence again."  
Narrator "So why stay here? In Baywood Springs." 
Narrator "She paused mid-stroke, setting her brush down carefully on the palette. Her shoulders rose and fell with a deep sigh as she reached for a paint-smeared rag to clean her hands."
Nina "I... I just wanted to find a place here in the States that felt a little like home." 
Narrator "But you're struggling here. People usually come to the States looking for something better."
Narrator "She dropped her brush into a jar of water." 
Nina "OK." 
Nina "Honestly? At first, it wasn't by choice. I got kicked out of Baywood Springs University."  
Narrator "Wait, you actually went to art school?"
Nina "Yeah. I know I said I wanted to, but the truth is, I did. And I messed it all up."
Nina "I couldn't keep up with the school's expectations, and when I failed... My parents made it clear that I wasn't welcomed back home." 
Narrator "Nina..." 
Nina "It's fine!" 
Nina "I mean, it wasn't fine at first." 
Nina "I was scared, broke, and alone." 
Nina "But I made it work."  
Nina "Found odd jobs, saved up, started freelancing and rented this little place." 
Nina "And now..." 
Narrator "She gestured around the room." 
Nina "Now, it's mine. My space. My life." 
Nina "This little apartment... This town... It's all I have got now."  
Nina "And I have made it mine. Even if it's not much."  
Narrator "That's a lot to go through on your own."  
Nina "Yeah, but I guess I'm stubborn like that." 
Nina "I couldn't let it beat me." 
Nina "I had to prove to myself - and maybe to them one day - that I could do it." 

choice "..." 
{ 
	-You Did Good 
		Narrator "You did good, Nina." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseEmpathy(-st 1)  
		Narrator "Her hand paused mid-brushstroke, and she looked at me with a mixture of surprise." 
		Nina "You think so? You did say that I was struggling and you're not wrong."
		Narrator "I nodded firmly." 
		Narrator "Absolutely. You have made it through so much, and you're still here, you still managed." 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoints -v 1)  
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 2)  
		Nina "I did bust my ass to be where I am now." 
		Nina "Thanks." 

	-Hug Her 
		Narrator "I stood and stepped toward Nina. Without thinking, I wrapped my arms around her in a gentle hug." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseKindness(-st 1)   
		Narrator "Nina stiffened for a moment, surprised, before she relaxed."  
		Nina "... Thanks." 
		Narrator "Her voice was barely above a whisper." 
		Narrator "And when I pulled back, she didn't look at me." 
		Nina "I'm not great at... This, but... That helped." 
		PlaySFX(ThreePoints -v 1)  
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 3)  
		Nina "I didn't know you were the hugging type." 
		Narrator "Sometimes words aren't enough."  
		Narrator "Nina's gaze still lingered on her painting."   

	-You Did Your Best 
		Narrator "You did your best, Nina." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreasePatience(-st 1)    
		Nina "I don't know... Sometimes it doesn't feel like enough." 
		Nina "Maybe I could have tried harder." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)  
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 1)   
		Nina "Maybe if I conformed to all the expectations back at the University, I wouldn't have gone through all the struggles that I did."    
		Narrator "College isn't for everyone." 
		Narrator "And look at the brightside, at least you learned independence." 
		Narrator "And you have done more than a lot of people ever could."  
		Narrator "It shows - in your work and your persistence." 
		Nina "You're too nice to me, you know that?" 
		Narrator "Just calling it like I see it." 

} 

Narrator "After she was done with the painting, she asked for help with moving some canvases." 
Narrator "While lifting one of the stacks, our hands brushed."  
Narrator "Nina hesitated, her fingers lingering for a little longer than necessary before pulling away."  
Nina "Sorry." 
Narrator "She started tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear." 
Narrator "It's OK." 

choice "..." 
{ 
	-Your Hands Are Cold 
		Narrator "Your hands are cold." 
		Narrator "Nina's eyes widened slightly before she let out a soft laugh." 
		Nina "Guess I have been holding that paintbrush too long." 
		Narrator "No need to apologize. It was just... Unexpected." 
		PlaySFX(ThreePoints -v 1)   
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 3)    
		Narrator "Nina smirked, looking at me with a glint of mischief in her eyes." 
		Nina "Next time, I'll warm them up first. Just for you."  
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseConfidence(-st 1)    
		Narrator "Bet." 

		
	-Your Hands Are Hot 
		Narrator "You're hot."  
		Narrator "Nina blinked, her cheeks reddening." 
		Nina "What?" 
		Narrator "Your hands. They're hot." 
		Nina "Oh!" 
		Nina "Oh... Um... Yeah, I guess I have been working too hard." 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoints -v 1)  
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 2)   
		Narrator "Nina looked me." 
		Nina "What? No compliment?" 
		Narrator "I would, but I think you already met my quota for today."   
		Narrator "Too many compliments, and I might start charging." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseHumor(-st 1)   
		Narrator "Nina giggled." 
		Nina "Darn. Can't have that. I'm on a budget."   
} 

Narrator "These canvases are heavy, we should really move them to where we need to." 
Nina "Oh, yeah." 
Nina "Thanks for staying as long as you did, by the way." 
Nina "I don't have many people I can talk to and I don't have any other in-person friends." 
Narrator "I'm glad I stayed." 
Narrator "You're a fun to be around, Nina." 
Nina "I don't think I'm that fun, but I'll take it."  
Nina "Well, if you ever get tired of the café or whatever else you have got going on, you're always welcome here." 
Narrator "I'll hold you to that." 
Narrator "I should get going before it gets too late." 
Narrator "Nina walked me to the door, leaning against the frame as I stepped out into the hallway."  
Nina "See you next time." 
Narrator "I nodded as I walked down the hall." 
DisableSkip()  
Narrator "I walked down the stairs and left the building." 

HideGalleryImage()
HideDB(-spd 1) 
UIHide()
wait(0.75)
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)
StopSong(), StopAmbience() 
wait(1) 
AdvanceDay() 
Load(ApartmentStart -enqueue true) 
