SetLayerMedia(background NinaApartment)  

PhoneEnabled(false) 

ShowMC()  

Narrator "She met me at the door, one sock on, one sock off, her sweatshirt slouching over one shoulder, her hair pulled back into a half-messy bun." 
Narrator "The air inside the apartment was warm, dim, and smelled faintly of burnt toast and lavender detergent." 
Narrator "Her apartment looked... Better than I expected. Still chaotic but tidier. Like she'd made an effort."
Narrator "She handed me a small toolbox like it was a ceremonial offering." 
Nina "You're officially my handyman now. Congratulations." 
Nina "Try not to break anything else while you're at it."
Narrator "I followed her to the bathroom. The light buzzed overhead, flickering once." 
Narrator "The bathroom cabinet door was slumped against the tub." 
Narrator "One hinge was barely hanging on - warped, bent like it had been forced off." 
Narrator "It seemed odd, but I didn't ask." 
Narrator "A moment later, I noticed that she kept glancing toward the cabinet like it owed her something."
Narrator "Regardless, I knelt below the sink, tools in hand, while Nina leaned in the doorway." 
Narrator "I placed the cabinet door beside me for when it was time to put it back in." 
Narrator "As I was fixing the hinge, I couldn't help but look inside." 
Narrator "There was a tea jar with a faded handwritten label in Italian still clinging to the glass." 
Narrator "Tucked behind a box of bandages and pads was a nearly empty bottle of cheap red wine, cork replaced with a wadded tissue." 
Narrator "A rolled-up canvas lay beside it, one edge scorched black, still clinging to ashy fragments like it had survived a fire." 
Narrator "There was an old Polaroid, showing herself with two smiling figures that were scratched out in pen." 
Narrator "And at the very bottom, half-buried beneath rags and loose screws, sat a warped sketchbook with a broken spine, its edges soft from wear and water damage." 
Narrator "I noticed that her gaze followed my hands. Not distant - just calculating, like she was still deciding whether or not I was real." 
Nina "So... Is this what friends do?" 
Narrator "I looked up from the cabinet, screwdriver still in hand." 
Nina "Fix each other's broken cabinet doors?" 
Narrator "I shrugged." 
Narrator "I guess so." 
Narrator "That was enough to make her smirk, lips twitching to one side." 
Narrator "Then she let out a sharp, involuntary sound - something between a laugh and a snort - and instantly slapped her hand over her mouth." 
Narrator "I laughed." 
Narrator "She lowered her hands and started to laugh too." 
Narrator "She slid down the doorframe until she was sitting on the floor near me, legs pulled in." Narrator "She looked at me." 
Nina "I hated The Gutter Beside The Road." 
Narrator "What?" 
Nina "You know, that classic book. I had to read it in high school."
Nina "My English teacher acted like Hayden was this deep, complex character." 
Nina "To me, he just sounded like every guy who thinks being emotionally unavailable makes him interesting."
Nina "But honestly? He just made me want to set the book on fire."
Narrator "That's a strong opinion about literature."
Nina "I hate classic literature." 
Nina "It's an unpopular opinion, but I stand by it." 
Nina "A lot of it's just sad men whining about their lives.. Written by other sad men."
Nina "Women barely spoke. Queer people barely existed." 
Nina "And most of them are just old books full of outdated beliefs, written by people who only saw the world through their own narrow lens."
Nina "Nobody in those stories ever felt real. It's like the characters were less like people and more like expectations of how people are supposed to be." 
Nina "How they were supposed to behave. How they were supposed to feel."
Nina "And everyone's always fainting or dying or staring at the sea or whatever." 
Nina "It's like they wrote it for ghosts, not people." 

choice "..." 
{ 
	-I Disagree But I See Your Point 
		Narrator "I actually like some classics." 
		Narrator "But I get what you're saying." 
		Narrator "A lot of them weren't written for people like us - just for the world the author wanted to exist." 
		Narrator "The characters feel more like ideals than people." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseIntelligence(-st 1) 
		Nina "Exactly. It was like they were afraid to write someone real. Someone messy. Someone... Human." 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoints -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 2)  
		Nina "You're allowed to like them. I just won't pretend to like them back." 

	-Finally, Someone That Understands 
		Narrator "Finally - someone who gets it." 
		Narrator "I always felt like I was the only one who thought those books were full of people pretending to be human." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseEmpathy(-st 1) 
		Nina "Right? It's like they all read the same script and no one ever bothered to rewrite it."  
		Nina "It never felt honest. Just rehearsed grief and recycled love stories." 
		PlaySFX(ThreePoints -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 3)  
		Narrator "She leans back a little, like the room just got more breathable." 

	-Someone's Being Cynical 
		Narrator "Damn. So cynical. You gonna punch the next person reading a dusty old paperback?" 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseHumor(-st 1) 
		Nina "Only if they call it a timeless treasure in my presence." 
		Narrator "Her eyes glinted with humor, but her voice softens just a touch at the end." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 1)  
		Nina "I just... Don't like pretending something's meaningful when it doesn't mean anything to me." 
		Nina "Especially when everyone acts like you're the problem for not relating to something."  
}

Nina "You know what I do like, though? That one show about the girl with the demon dad and the fake boyfriend." 
Narrator "The one that got canceled after one season?" 
Narrator "She pointed at me." 
Nina "Yes. That one."  
Nina "You get it." 
Nina "And I get it." 
Nina "It was objectively garbage, but it had soul." 
Narrator "I guess the soul was buried under all the bad CGI and questionable accents." 
Nina "Exactly. That's what made it fun." 
Narrator "For someone that hates classic literature because it's bad, you sure like bad media." 
Narrator "I giggled." 
Nina "Touche." 
Nina "But at least that bad media knew it was bad." 
Nina "That's more than I can say for half the books people pretend to like just to feel smart." 
Narrator "She laughed." 
Narrator "Her shoulders began to relax, legs stretching out." 
Narrator "She leaned her head against the frame behind her, tilting it just enough to glance sideways at me." 
Nina "And horror movies? If they don't make me laugh, I'm not interested."
Narrator "Is that your metric for quality?"
Nina "Absolutely." 
Nina "If the final girl trips while holding a chainsaw and it's not intentional, I'm in."
Narrator "She smiled at her own joke, but the smile didn't vanish right away this time." 
Narrator "Then... Something in her posture shifted." 
Narrator "Her voice dropped." 
Nina "You know, I used to break stuff on purpose when I was a kid. Just to get some attention."
Narrator "I paused. The screwdriver stopped mid-turn." 
Narrator "Sometimes old habits die hard. Sometimes, they come back."
Narrator "I looked up at her but she didn't meet my eyes." 

choice "..." 
{
	-You Really Broke That Just For Me? 
		Narrator "Wait... You really broke that cabinet just for me?" 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseCharisma(-st 1)  
		Nina "Never said that." 
		Narrator "I'm just saying, that's a bold strategy for attention."   
		Nina "Could've been gravity. Could've been fate. Could've been a screwdriver I accidentally dropped five times." 
		Nina "Or poor craftsmanship." 
		Nina "Who knows?"  
		Nina "And don't flatter yourself." 
		Nina "I could've texted other people for help." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 1) 
		Nina "I just... Didn't want to." 
		Narrator "She looked away, and I let her." 
		Narrator "I didn't press her. Instead, I just made a simple response." 
		Narrator "If you say so." 
		Narrator "She then spoke under her breath." 
		Nina "And if I did want you to come over, maybe I just didn't know how to say it without sounding weird."  

	-Am I Still Getting Awarded? 
		Narrator "Well, as long as I'm still getting awarded for saving the day, I don't mind." 
		Narrator "I'll accept your flimsy cabinet as my heroic origin story." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseHumor(-st 1) 
		Narrator "She scoffed mockly."
		Nina "You fixed a door hinge and suddenly think you're entitled to something?"  
		Narrator "So you lured me here under false pretenses. Damn, that's cold."  
		Narrator "Nina smiled despite herself." 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoint -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 2)
		Nina "Fine. One reward." 
		Nina "I won't pretend I didn't want to see you." 
		Narrator "Oh, is that it?" 

	-If You Wanted Company, You Could've Just Said So 
		Narrator "You know, I would've come over even if all you needed was someone to keep you company." 
		Narrator "Nina, if you wanted company, you could've just said so." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseCourage(-st 1) 
		Nina "... You say that like it's simple."  
		Narrator "It is." 
		Narrator "With me, it is." 
		Nina "Yeah, well... Asking someone to come over to fix something is easier than asking them to just... Be there."  
		Narrator "Nina, you don't need a reason to see me." 
		PlaySFX(ThreePoints -v 1) 
		IncreaseFriendshipC(-fr 3) 
		Narrator "She looked at me, really looked, like she wasn't sure whether to argue or believe me."  
		Nina "... OK." 
}  

Narrator "I returned to screwing the hinge until it clicked back into place." 
Narrator "It wasn't perfect - one corner still sat a little crooked, but it held. It worked.
Narrator "I gently pushed the cabinet door shut, testing the fit, then gave it a soft tug, and it closed smoothly.
Narrator "I set the screwdriver down, brushed a light coat of sawdust from my knees, and sat back on my heels." 
Nina "...Wow. You actually fixed it."
Narrator "You sound surprised."
Nina "I mean... I expected at least minor property damage. Maybe some drywall casualties." 
Narrator "We both laughed." 
Narrator "And when it faded, we stayed there, just sitting on the bathroom floor, close to each other, her legs tucked underneath her, my back against the cabinet." 
Narrator "Close enough to feel the warmth of her arm brushing mine." 
Narrator "Quiet enough to hear the hum of the fridge from the kitchenette." 
Narrator "Then the silence was broken." 
Nina "Well, thanks for coming over." 
Narrator "She said casually." 
Narrator "Anytime." 
Narrator "See ya." 
Narrator "I pushed off the floor, knees popping a little from crouching so long, and walked to the doorway." 
Nina "[Player Name], wait." 
Narrator "I turned around, and she got up, stretching." 
Narrator "Yeah?" 
Nina "Want to stay a while?" 
Nina "And watch that one show... The one about the girl with the demon dad and the fake boyfriend?" 
Narrator "She didn’t say it casually. Not really." 
Narrator "More like anxiously, almost like it was difficult for her to ask." 
Narrator "I smiled." 
Narrator "Sure." 
Narrator "We ended up on the couch, watching that ridiculous show about the girl with the demon dad and the fake boyfriend." 
Narrator "The plot made no sense, the acting was over-the-top, and the special effects looked like someone had animated them in a hurry, but we laughed anyway." 
Narrator "At the awkward dialogue." 
Narrator "At the monster that looked like it belonged in a cereal commercial." 
Narrator "And at each other." 
Narrator "Somewhere between a possessed prom scene and a dramatic rooftop confession, her head found its way to my shoulder." 
Narrator "She didn't ask. I didn't flinch. We just stayed like that - close and comfortable." 
Narrator "By the time the credits of another episode rolled, we decided to call it a night." 
Narrator "She stayed on the couch, half-asleep and bathed in the glow of the muted credits, as I walked out." 
Narrator "I drove back to the apartment in the late night, and for once, I didn't mind the silence on the way back." 


HideDB(-spd 1) 
HideGalleryImage()
HideDB(-spd 1) 
wait(0.75)
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)
StopSong(), StopAmbience() 
wait(1)   
AdvanceDay() 
Load(ApartmentStart) 