SetLayerMedia(background University) 

PhoneEnabled(false)  

Narrator "I was lying in bed, scrolling through Picstagram when I received an unexpected call from Simon." 
Narrator "My phone buzzed with Simon's caller ID displaying on the screen." 
Narrator "I answered the call then put the phone to my ear." 
Narrator "Hey Simon, what's up?" 
Simon "Hey, [Player Name]. I, um hope... I hope I'm not bothering you, but I really need a huge favor." 
Narrator "Simon sounded stressed, so I knew that something was wrong." 
Narrator "What's going on?" 
Simon "I'm working on a theatre project for one of my classes, and, to be honest, I'm completely stuck."
Simon "Could you, uh, help me out?" 
Narrator "Simon is a good friend and knowing how much Simon struggled with expressing his thoughts, I could imagine him struggling with some of his theatre assignments despite his passion for acting." 
Narrator "With my respect for actors and my interest in storytelling, I agreed to help." 
Narrator "Sure, when and where?" 
Narrator "And what do you need help with?" 
Simon "Everything, well, mostly dialogue and character development... I'm really struggling." 
Simon "Can you meet me... Meet me at the campus later today?" 
Narrator "Baywood University?" 
Simon "Y-Yeah." 
Narrator "All right."  
Narrator "After driving for about a half-hour, I made it to the parking lot of Baywood University." 
Narrator "I parked my car then climbed a nearby staircase, flanked by railings, to the front of the building." 
Narrator "It was a red-bricked building, giving it a traditional and somewhat historic appearance." 
Narrator "The architecture was complemented by expansive, mullioned windows." 
Narrator "The front was a well-maintained lawn surrounded by tall trees and shrubs." 
Narrator "Winding pathways and sidewalks meandered through the lawn, leading to various parts of the campus." 
Narrator "In the center of this lawn was a fountain featuring a statue of a bronze horse in the center, rearing up on its hind legs as if preparing to gallop." 
Narrator "Sitting on the edge of the fountain was Simon." 
Simon "You made it." 
Narrator "He looked up as I approached, a relieved smile spreading across his face." 
Simon "Come on, let's get inside." 
Narrator "Simon fished out his student ID card from his pocket and scanned it on the fob attached the main entrance door." 
Narrator "There was a sharp, metallic click, indicating that the doors had unlock." 
Narrator "Simon pulled the right door open, stepped inside, then held the door for me as I walked in."  
Narrator "I followed Simon through the halls." 
Narrator "Well, looks like my parents finally got what they wanted - me walking into a college." 
Narrator "We walked until we reached a table in the corner of a student center." 
Narrator "The table was surrounded by books, scripts, and a laptop displaying a chaotic assortment of tabs." 
Simon "Thanks for coming. I... really need your help." 

choice "..."   
{ 
	-It's Whatever 
		Narrator "It's whatever. Let's get this over with." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseFriendshipD(-fr 1)    
		Simon "Oh, um, y-yeah, sure." 
		Simon "I'm so sorry about this, I didn't mean to disrupt your afternoon, I just really need some help."  
		Narrator "Simon, it's whatever. I chose to come and help." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseCourage(-st 1) 
		Simon "... Yeah." 
		Narrator "Well, what's the project?" 

	-Anytime 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseKindness(-st 1)   
		Narrator "Of course, Simon. Anytime." 
		PlaySFX(ThreePoints -v 1)   
		IncreaseFriendshipD(-fr 3)    
		Simon "T-thank you so much."  
		Narrator "I nodded." 
		Narrator "So, what's the project?" 
	
} 

Narrator "He took a deep breath and launched into an explanation." 
Narrator "As he spoke, I could see the passion in his eyes, but also the frustration." 
Narrator "He was overwhelmed, and it was clear he needed a fresh perspective." 
Simon "We, um, have to create a modern adaptation of Ramlet." 
Simon "The twist is... It has to be set in a contemporary high school, with all the, um, characters as students and teachers."  
Narrator "I raised an eyebrow, intrigued." 
Narrator "That sounds challenging but interesting. What do you need help with?" 
Simon "I'm having trouble adapting the dialogue and worldbuilding." 
Narrator "As he talked, he was fidgeting with the edge of her notebook." 
Simon "I need to, um, come up with some modern equivalents for the, uh, characters and their relationships." 
Simon "That's the issue, I mean, like, how do you translate the Victorian-era love triangle into something that makes sense today?" 
Simon "It's just... ugh, so confusing." 
Simon "It's so difficult to modernize classic stories and change something that's already good." 
Narrator "Simon groaned as he scratched his head and avoided eye contact." 
Simon "I mean, what if I totally... Mess it up and people hate it?" 
Simon "Like, imagine Ramlet holding a smartphone instead of, uh, holding a skull." 
Simon "What if... It just doesn't work in a modern context?" 
Simon "And, uh, the relationships? How do you even translate the whole royal family drama into, like, a modern-day context without it being super cringey?" 
Simon "Oh, and don't even get me started on the, uh, dialogue." 
Simon "I don't completely understand Shakespearian." 
Simon "Don't tell my mom that." 
Simon "What if I misinterpret some of the lines and ruin the flow of the story, you know?" 
Narrator "He sighed." 
Simon "I'm just, like, overthinking everything, aren't I?"  
Narrator "He let out a nervous laugh, then quickly looked down at his shoes." 
Narrator "I nodded, understanding his dilemma." 
Narrator "Okay, let's break it down." 
Narrator "I pulled a nearby chair and sat next to Simon." 
Narrator "First, we should outline the main plot points and characters." 
Narrator "Then we can work on the dialogue and worldbuilding."    
Narrator "The purpose of an adaption is to take inspiration from an original piece, not make it just like the original piece." 
Narrator "Give it the same core elements as Ramlet, like its themes, emotions, and the characters' struggles and flaws, but make it your own."  
Narrator "Capture the essence of the original, but don't be afraid to add your spin to it." 
Narrator "Let your version of Ramlet speak to today's audience in a way that's fresh and relevant, while still honoring the aspects of that made the original story good." 
Narrator "Simon nodded and smiled." 
Narrator "We spent the next few hours brainstorming and outlining the modern adaptation." 
Narrator "Simon was a natural when it came to envisioning the characters and their dynamics, but he struggled with translating Shakespearean language into modern dialogue." 
Narrator "I will admit that I also struggled a bit with Shakespeare." 
Narrator "I had to convince Simon to stop looking at Shakespearian language books and just rely on a Shakespeare translator that I found online."  
Narrator "I helped him rewrite lines, making them sound natural in a modern setting while ensuring that they retained the essence of the original." 
Narrator "We added a few lines to improve the flow of some scenes." 
Simon "How should we make Ramlet?" 

choice "..."   
{ 
	-Ramlet As A Brooding Senior? 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreaseCreativity(-st 1) 
		Narrator "How about we make Ramlet a brooding senior who's dealing with the recent death of his father and his mom's new relationship with the principal?" 
		PlaySFX(TwoPoints -v 1)   
		IncreaseFriendshipD(-fr 2) 
		Simon "Oh, that's perfect." 
		Simon "And Ophelia could be a shy, artistic student who's... Pressured by her overbearing father, the head of the, uh, school board." 
		Narrator "We continued in this manner, reimagining the characters and their roles within the high school setting." 
		Narrator "By the time we finished, we had a solid outline and some scenes of dialogue written." 
		Simon "This is really coming together. I... Couldn't have done it without you." 
		Narrator "Happy to help, Simon." 
		Narrator "Now, let's talk about the world." 
		
	-Charismatic But Secretly Anxious? 
		Narrator "Ramlet could be a senior, but instead of the classic brooding, he's this charismatic but secretly anxious honor student, dealing with the loss of his dad while under constant pressure to succeed." 
		PlaySFX(ThreePoints -v 1)   
		IncreaseFriendshipD(-fr 3) 
		Simon "Yeah..." 
		Narrator "Simon's energy faded, He looked away before his gaze dropped to the floor, lost in thought." 
		Narrator "I leaned forward, noticing his silence." 
		Narrator "Simon?" 
		Narrator "You good?"
		Narrator "He looked up then blinked, almost like he was snapping back, his smile returning with a flicker of his usual enthusiasm." 
		Simon "Ooh, yeah! Maybe he's got this 'golden boy' reputation but secretly questions everything." 
		Narrator "Do you really like the idea?" 
		Simon "Yeah. I do. It's something that should be written." 
		Simon "And... what if he keeps feeling like his dad's presence is haunting him, like some inner critic?" 
		Narrator "All right." 
		Narrator "And Ophelia? Maybe she's not shy. She's an artist that's actually into science and feels trapped by her family's expectations."  
		Narrator "People see her as quiet, but deep down, she's fighting to break free." 
		Simon "So... she's got that inner conflict too, trying to forge her own path. That could connect them in a way that feels... Real." 
		Narrator "Simon's reaction was questable but I chose not to press him." 
		PlaySFX(OnePoint -v 1)   
		IncreasePatience(-st 1)   
		Narrator "We kept building off each other's ideas, giving each character modern-day struggles that could felt relatable."  
		Simon "Thanks so much for your help." 
		Narrator "Of course, Simon. Anytime." 
	
} 

Narrator "We continued to discuss ideas, our voices animated and our gestures lively as we brainstormed and bounced concepts off each other." 
Narrator "The hours slipped away unnoticed as we delved deeper into the intricacies of the story, each suggestion sparking new possibilities." 
Narrator "The student center around us seemed to fade, the only thing anchoring us to reality being the steady hum of fluorescent lights overhead." 
Narrator "As we passionately debated how the second act should begin, Simon leaned forward, his eyes bright with inspiration." 
Simon "What if we, um, start with a dramatic confrontation in the cafeteria?" 
Narrator "He gestured me to look at his notebook as he sketched out a rough scene." 
Narrator "Ooo, yes, that could work." 
Narrator "And we could use the setting to highlight the tension between the characters." 
Narratir "Maybe there could be a storm brewing outside, adding to the atmosphere?" 
Narrator "We were so immersed in the unfolding narrative that we lost track of time." 
Narrator "It wasn't until a sharp knock echoed through the quietness of the student center that we were jolted back to the present." 
Narrator "The sound reverberated off the walls, breaking our concentration like a sudden burst of cold air." 
Narrator "Startled, we turned to see a security guard standing at the entrance, his expression a mixture of patience and mild amusement." 
Security Guard "Sorry to interrupt, but it's past closing time. You two need to wrap things up." 
Narrator "Glancing at the clock on the wall, we saw that it was past eleven." 
Simon "Wow, we... Really lost track of time." 
Narrator "Simon quickly started gathering his notes and sketches, and powered off the computer." 
Narrator "Yeah, we did."  
Narrator "I agreed, standing up and stretching, feeling the hours of sitting in one spot catch up to me." 
Narrator "Sorry, we'll get going now." 
Narrator "The guard nodded then escorted us to the exit." 
Narrator "As we stepped out into the cool night air, I already began asking when we could meet again to continue working on the project, if he still needed my help on the project."  
Simon "Sure, feel free to come by the campus on Mondays and Wednesdays in the afternoon." 
Simon "Next time, let's make sure to check the time."  
Narrator "Simon chuckled." 
Narrator "Yeah." 
Narrator "But it was worth it. We made some great progress tonight." 
Narrator "And I had fun." 
Narrator "With that, we parted ways." 
Narrator "The campus was now quiet and still as I made my way back to the parking lot." 
Narrator "As I reached my car, I paused for a moment, soaking in the profound stillness of the night." 
Narrator "The memories of our creative journey swirled through my mind, each moment replaying like scenes from a movie." 
Narrator "I felt an exhilarating sense of promise, knowing that this was just the beginning." 
Narrator "There were countless ideas to be added in the story." 
DisableSkip()    
Narrator "And there were endless adventures to be experienced with Simon, and I was excited to experience more of those adventures with him."  

HideGalleryImage()
HideDB(-spd 1) 
UIHide()  
wait(0.75)
ClearLayerMedia(background), wait(1)
StopSong(), StopAmbience() 
wait(1) 
AdvanceDay() 
Load(ApartmentStart -enqueue true)  